me  0:00  
What skills do you hire for, and how do you bet for those skills? So right now, at the stage that we're at, we should be focused on building the app, getting it in front of people, and getting making sure people will pay for this, right? So that should be our main focus. We should be talking to customers, getting feedback on the app and then making updates to make it better so that they will be paying customers. Once he has that phase,

Unknown Speaker  0:38  
it's like, okay, we approved that. We have some to build it, and now we need to go and get in those

Speaker 1  0:59  
conversations with clients and trying to expand and sure that we have like a funnel pipeline,

Speaker 1  1:11  
so that we're bringing people in. We have like the right marketing, we have the right landing page, all those different things to make sure we we expand to

Speaker 1  1:32  
make sure we track we're pulling in more customers and things like that. And then from there, we can expand more depending on which direction.

me  2:17  
What do you look at if you want someone who has done, like, cells, you would ask them, like, hey, how would you pitch this to a client? What it would what it would look, what would it look like? How, I don't know there's, there's a lot of different things. Like, when you Yeah, sorry. I mean, I know you're

Speaker 2  2:42  
okay, your approach is, is like hiring what you need when you need it. Because right now I understand that, like, we don't really need it, and we don't have any revenue or any real foundation to, like, sustain something like that. But also, I think, an approach of, I mean,

Speaker 2  3:17  
I don't want to get the most be looking for the most experienced person, I get that like for everything, not for everything, for what's important yet. But it's also not always what's on black and white that can bring something out. I feel like but I get what you're saying. It's not business. Is business? I don't know. Like, sometimes I just it's more of a gut feeling. That's the type of thing. Like, it's more of a gut feeling, like, after our conversation, and the feel of his determination to do whatever he can to be a part of what this is, like, that initiative that drive, like, I know what that feels like, and I know that I literally have to have that all to get to this point. So, and it's like, if it wasn't a person, I wasn't there already. I mean, I would just say, wasn't there already? Like, this is somebody came from the same place. That's what kept us apart. Like he was focused on, he was focused on, and I was, like, my growth through the time that he didn't. See me. I was from, I was here, and I'm now here, and it's the same sense, like it's a parallel, like, the last time I seen him, I didn't know what he had done, what he had going on. I just know he's a dude during his time at this point in time, and I'm a dude doing my time at this point in time, and we're staying out the way of everyone. We're trying to do what we need to do, and now we're seeing ourselves on the other end of that. And there's a lot of homies that I got. I want to say homies, but yeah, I would say homies. The homies are really I know the difference, but there's a lot of homies that I got that are reaching, like they want mentorship, they want to want me, to pull them with me, but none of them, they have been out longer than me, and none of them have made significant some a couple of them, but the main ones that reach out haven't done an

me  5:34  
idea or a license like I think it's fine, and it's not that we need to have the most experienced people doing this stuff. It's just there's we don't have work for him to do. Like, this is something that we could talk about expanding down the line. Like the, I think the way that you keep the lead warm and, like, make sure he knows that this is not like a no forever is just like, okay, as soon as we have something for you to do, like a detailed role, like a clear position, I'll pull you in. It's not like I'm saying no forever. I'm just saying, like, right now, I think that would over complicate it, because we still haven't figured out the Alejandro situation the morning, like the morning like, I know she's keeping things organized, but I think with what we have right now, we need to figure this out and make it extremely clear before we can take more steps, because you pull somebody else in that's just another person, where we have to figure out all this other stuff too and like, it's a lot easier to keep it small early on when you're figuring out equity and stuff like that, because it could get complicated. Yeah, I feel like

Speaker 2  7:02  
I notions are even coming from. That's the only reason why I was saying what I was saying. But I understand and completely respect the approach, and not only respect we have to take that approach. I know that that's the thing.

Speaker 2  7:22  
Yeah, should be just

me  7:32  
there are certain people that's important to keep in your circle. Yeah, no, I get it, and I think I'm not doubting that this person isn't one of those people, I would just be a little like, we want to look more put together. You know, when people see the other side of things, even if it's like, from a mentorship perspective, like, we want to know exactly what we're doing and like, have more of a routine and just pull things together. And I think we're by the end of like, for us to just get started in January, and we're here, like, I'm pretty sure by the end of this month, going into March, we shouldn't be in a very solid place to get there, because it's just like, I think going over like the how do we pitch this to Carly and getting ready to pitch to the Salvation Army. Once we get through that, like, we'll have a script right that will we'll be able to follow. And then we'll also figure out pricing a bit more. And then we can say, like, Yeah, let's double triple down for the nonprofit space based off of pricing, or we'll know like, Okay, we really do need to think about how to get this in different industries earlier, rather than later, because of the payment stuff the

Speaker 2  9:22  
dashboard. Dashboards right now too, and I see the the action items, stuff is added.

Unknown Speaker  9:36  
What the heck?

Speaker 3  9:48  
Okay, I'm going to try to fix this, talking about

Unknown Speaker  10:02  
the talking about the fix, what? I did something and I undid the branding like it took out what I just put up branding.

Unknown Speaker  10:21  
What's your question next?

me  10:23  
Yeah, if you're on the main website and you refresh it, it looks different. But let me see. I

me  10:43  
There's there's okay. Do you want me to share my screen so we can go through the website? Or do you want to do that a little bit later. Okay, let me.

Unknown Speaker  11:07  
Let me go to I. School.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
