Speaker 1  0:00  
Profit is at that's overseas.

me  0:04  
Wait a minute. No, I mean, I mean, like, do you want to do this where you bootstrap it? It's like, based off of loans money we pull in for different places. Or do you want this to come from? Like, we get people into the product. We show that it works. We get get it to scale as much as we can. But then we pitch it to an investors, and they give us money in return for equity, like, do you want to do it that way?

Speaker 1  0:33  
Yeah, so the shares, okay,

me  0:36  
so if you want to do it that way, we have to switch it from an LLC to a court, right?

Speaker 1  0:48  
So I was looking at that. So I was looking at that. That's kind of what I was leading into, getting into about, like, wanting it to be expanded globally. I don't think that we have, it's not possible for us to do it. I think that it will take time. If it was just, if it was like a VC that came in and I had already, had already already had those connections, to get them in this software at different places, then I wouldn't mind breaking it. Breaking equity off in order to expand, if that's going to make sense for revenue

Speaker 1  1:34  
and then. But I also was looking at the at that video, and it says something about, like, when you're selling, when you're giving shares, or someone's investing in the company, they're giving you money to put back into the

me  1:50  
company. Yeah?

Speaker 1  1:53  
So what would that mean for like, our pockets? Like, yeah, we're selling, we're selling a portion of the business, but it's just basically more money that's going into the business, and

me  2:06  
no, it will go to us, so like we would be under payroll. So a part of the money that most of the money that people get for it from investors, literally just goes to payroll and keeping the lights on. That's it. That's investing back into the business that could be putting yourself on payroll so you can work on it full time, and then using that money, yeah, yeah, using that money to go in hire more people who may have be more skilled and would require a bigger salary that we wouldn't be able to pay them with, just like the revenue that we're getting, right? So if you notice at the end of that pitch deck, I put the ass as like 650k because I did the math. And if you had five full time employees, and you pay them all 100k and if we scaled to like 150 users, which would mean we would break even, and we would be profitable for the most part, we would need 160k 650k to last us, I think 18 months. And that was like the projected date that we can get there if we really focused on getting users on the platform. So that is like the first ask that I would say, for money from investors in exchange for equity. Equity is good. It's good to exchange equity with a investor that can also make connections for you, but you can also look at getting that money can help us hire someone, whether they're part time or full time, to help us make those connections. And then the the other thing too is, when you're selling a enterprise app, because we're building a SaaS platform, right? Software as a Service platform? Yeah, yeah, you have thoughts about this too, no, okay, I'll let you okay, they're coming. Okay, okay, just let me know. Okay, there's different ways that you market it. It's not based off after, like, your first few users, like after the pilot, we're gonna get users to just sign up for the platform. I'm telling you, it's just going to happen overnight. People are just going to start searching for us. Are finding ads, are finding different posts about us, our podcast or YouTube, like podcast interviews, our articles about us, and they will sign up for the platform. So we're going to start owning our marketing channels. And so that's why I was saying, like, we need to get our LinkedIn set up. We need to get our Instagram and all those different themes and start posting, and that'll bring people to the platform. And we don't have to sit there and like, have these meetings after meetings after meetings. They just sign up. Like, that's where we're that's the next phase of this. So that's why I was saying, like, We need someone who knows how to create social media at like ads, like on Facebook, on IG, like, Google ads, Google AdWords. Like, we need people who are specialized in that, because we're gonna have like that eats up your budget really fast. So you want someone who knows what they're doing, oh, I know somebody. We want someone who knows what they're doing to do that, and then the other way that we can get people to buy the app without having to make connections is we do what we call like someone like tech sales. So there's marketing side of it, and then text sales. So these are the people who will go out and find leads. They will go through LinkedIn and find everyone who's like a Carly, who's over a nonprofit's budget, reach out to them, like through email, through LinkedIn, just try to get in contact with them any way, that way that they can and say like, hey, sign up for our get a free trial. Test it out for 14 days. If you like it, great if you don't whatever, but that's how you start to get sales.

Unknown Speaker  6:45  
Yes, Is it crazy to believe that the approach for every industry,

Speaker 2  6:56  
the impact of the approach for every industry will be different depending on the way

me  7:02  
you approach, right? Yeah.

Speaker 2  7:05  
So with that being said, what I found that gives me the most traction, or what I believe has gotten me the most traction with just belief, like people believing that, you know, I'm going to make something happen, whether it be the software or something, is by being seen in that environment or being seen in that space.

me  7:31  
So that helps, but you have you can't do that to everyone across the state to hit the numbers we're talking about hitting, right? So the way that you do that at scale is podcast. You need to get articles written about you. Like, that's the way you need to start speaking at conferences. That's the way you scale it, and then you'll see it take off. Like, that's what I that's why I speak at tech conferences when I was really pushing a nonprofit is because that was my way to get into the door. Because usually at the depending on what conference you go to, it's going to be mostly people who are dealing with the budget. So you one want to talk at conferences where it's like high level people are going in the industry that you're looking for. Or if it's not high level, it's someone, like a salesperson or something like that, that's going to push and like, Get behind like, Harley is getting behind us, getting this platform into her, her company, right? So you speak at these conferences, you talk and you interact with people while you're at the conference boom, you have 8090 leads. After that. Out of those 8090 leads, you get 10 paying customers that sign up for like two, three years. That's couple grand real quick for like a 30 minute, 15 to 30 minute speech, you get me so, so that is key. If you write the belief, you your positioning, people will buy it for you. But you, you have to scale too.

Speaker 2  9:20  
Yeah, so I got it, and what I was trying to get out from there was, like, going to these community engagement events where you have multiple like, it's one thing to go and not be there. It's one thing to go and not have anything to show credibility, just me and shaking hands with people. But if I were to get a booth instead of a booth, just like the non profits that are there, you're getting it. But that's, that's what, that's what I mean like, that's kind of what, that's not even kind of what that has been, how I've been able to do that. I have pictures in rooms at like the Loma Linda University reentry coalition collaborative, where CEOs are coming in, asking about where we're raising questions about what services are effective, how we can provide more services, how we can collaborate with each other, and then talk about the issues that we're dealing with with the clients in general, like, Oh, we're missing calls. We're missing people are having a hard time getting here because of this transportation or that we're missing documentation. Is an overload, like, we don't have a network system. A lot of this stuff that I've created came from those rooms, and it was those rooms where I stood out by raising my hand to ask questions, to answer questions, to bring up ideas, and then I would see

Unknown Speaker  10:50  
like the last time I had a meeting like that before the I made connections With

Speaker 2  10:58  
hope culture and a woman named Rose escaheda before, even before even getting to the IRRC, that's it. I wouldn't even got into the IRC if I didn't go to these meetings as well.

me  11:16  
So I You're right. So, but that's a part of the strategy too. So that is marketing that we own, so that all of that falls under marketing, right? So what you're talking about is marketing that we own. And when I say like, usually, when you usually, when you pay for a booth at a conference, they, if you apply to speak, they'll give it, give it to you because you already paid to have a booth. So a lot of the things that you're you're talking about, like that, that's kind of like baked into our our marketing plan. So there's marketing that we own. So it's just like us posting on social media, not doing any paid advertisement. And then there's paid marketing that we own. So that's like paying for ads to show up on IG, on LinkedIn, things like that. But then there's like this other, like, gray area where it could be some that is just we post like we can make a podcast about organizations or nonprofits, or whatever our focus is, and talk about that. Violets saying a lot, I think she likes this conversation. We could do that. We could speak at conferences. We can pay for booths to get in front of people. We could do all of that. And that is how we figure out what the pain points are, and that is also how we make connections with other companies. And then we can also just pitch ourselves like, that's how we get in front of people, like, though, like all of those things, you're right, you're you're spot on. But what I was gonna say is that we can scale this through all those different ways, and we can target like nonprofits in other industries the same way. We'll probably have have different messaging for each industry, but the execution would be similar. And then, oh, shit, what was that? Where was it going? Oh, back to the VC thing. So marketing, so VCs will pay you to hire do marketing and scale the business, but a big part of putting money in our pockets is putting ourselves as in payroll. But also we can, I share my screen on FaceTime. Yeah, I might not be able to because I haven't updated this tablet in Oh, I can I think, okay, so I actually wanted to show you something, because this is going to answer some of Your questions too, that you had about about what is this? Just going to answer some of the questions you had about equity and like, how the money works. I

me  15:04  
and then tutu, so, what are you? Where is this? What

Unknown Speaker  15:28  
see what my baby's doing.

me  15:31  
Equity calculator.

Speaker 2  15:37  
Hey, babies, you

Unknown Speaker  15:49  
elephant sto

me  15:59  
let's see it louder.

me  16:10  
Okay, is this the right equity split dilution? Okay, so this is, this is what I wanted to show you. Here it is. So I made this calculator.

me  16:27  
I think it's this one. This is most up to date one. I made this calculator to show, I don't know, can you can you see this? Yeah, okay, so I made this calculator to show, like, the different ways that money would flow, and how things would work with raising money if we go BC route, so the safe investors, those are just like friends and family and how we're saying, like, let's say Alejandro was someone who

Speaker 1  17:02  
was investing 15k 15k

me  17:09  
right? So the way that safes work is we say like, Hey, you're investing before we even get started, because you really believe in us. So we're going to do these terms. And we say that your equity will fully vest when we hit X amount of money in our valuation. Now, when it vests, that doesn't mean that it is automatically money that they can go out and spend, but that is how much they own for putting money in up front, right? So for this one, we'll say, I think this is 150 million. Was like the terms here, so value cap, so whenever we hit this amount, that's when you'll get your full equity, and this is what it could, let's do the exit. So this is what it could look like for someone who invests that early, right? So say we, by the time where we build out the app and it's evaluated to be worth $20 million and at that point, we go public and we're on the stock market like that's an option, or some big company like apricot or something buys us for 20 mil, or whatever the deal is, and that's called a liquidation event. And that's when our imaginary money, our equity, these shares, turns into real money, and so we get paid out. So let's say Alejandro did this safe right? And he would walk away. His 15k would turn into $113,000 right there every so there's some dilution that happens every time you raise money for a company, for from investors, they take more and more equity, so there's this dilution that happens. So you want to be careful, and you want to make sure that things make sense. Because if we look here at if, if we end up having a liquidation event when the company is only worth 2 million, we see alejandro's money actually does really nothing, right? He actually loses money because we didn't get the valuation we're looking for. We didn't hit our goals, or whatever happens, right? So, but say, like we hit it out of the park, like we do crazy numbers, and we get a $500 million evaluation like this, could his numbers could be like two point 3.2 mil, right? So I know it giving up equity isn't ideal, and we shouldn't do it if it's not right, but if we are able to do it at the right time, the right numbers with the right investors, that would allow us to either get up and running quickly, or to once we're up and running, expand to go from a statewide thing to national, and we're throwing money at marketing, we're maybe in hiding, hiring more developers so we could build faster, or we're increasing our pay so we could, like, be able to do it full time, whatever the reason may be that we need the extra money infrastructure, like, it's just going to cost more money to have more users, those are all the reasons why we would get investment, but they would take does this talk about the equity split? No, no, there was another one. We would exchange the equity for the money, but we would just make sure we do the math so that the money was really taking us where we needed to go. Okay?

Speaker 2  21:42  
And what was, is this at 5% 8% or 5% for for what for, like equity, or that's the conversion. This is that conversion thing where he gives us 15k for equity, but won't know what percent of equity he gets until we reach that evaluation,

me  22:03  
evaluation so,

me  22:10  
so this is how, okay. This is good. I did make you write it down so the safes work, like what Alejandro would do, what we would categorize, what Alejandro did is I give you, I give you money now, and when you raise we raise money like we go to investors. And every time you raise money with investors, you have to get an evaluation so that they know how much the company is worth and how much they're putting in. It's just a part of the math, right? So when we raise real money and we get the evaluation cap of whatever we put in the terms, we could do a million, we could do one, 2 million like the lower the number is, is going to be the better terms for whoever's investing, right? Um, so we could say for Alejandro, once we hit a million dollars in evaluation, his shares turn into real shares. They're not like, they're not pending, if that makes sense. And then so we would say, like, yeah, once we hit this goal of making the company worth a million dollars, your shares will go into full effect. He doesn't have to do anything else, like if he just gives you the money, walks away, gives no extra support, and we have, we get evaluated at 20 million, and then we either go public or sell the company. At that evaluation, his 15,000 will turn into 128k and I think this number here, it's like, what percentage of the shares is that does he hold? And that's like 1% so if you give someone 1% of equity, this is how much that they could end up getting. You know,

Speaker 1  24:39  
that'll be the that'll be the value of their shares in the company at that point in time.

me  24:43  
Yeah, and that's after so the shares are only real when there's a liquidation event. And a liquidation event usually happens if, like, the company gets acquired, if the company is sold, or if the company goes public, so we we go on the stock exchange. There's some if you go to the stock exchange, there's some rules around when people can sell and how that works. But for the most part, those are the the triggers that would say, like, okay, the imaginary startup money, like, those shares are now real, and they're worth something, and this is how much money this person has made. But the other thing to show you is, like, equity splits between founders, so you as the founder can walk away with 5.4 million, Almost 5.6 almost 5.5 million. In this scenario,

me  26:02  
there is, there's still a bit of delusion, delusion that you have. And again, the more bound around you, you

Speaker 1  26:15  
do get going to make more delusion all hmm, all right, so the more times we need to get money is, the less money we'll get in the end, yes, because of equity, yes, um, also another thing, shares or the safe the safe investment, safe works investment. So money in this realm, coming from Alejandro, that 15,000 won't become an actual won't become actual money until the value of the business is actually is meant.

me  26:58  
So no, so say. Alejandro gives us a 15k under at the safe he becomes a friends and family investor, right? And then we say once the company, right now his shares are pending, so the paperwork will say, like, hey, the are, the contract will say, you give, give us 15k we will give you 1% of the of equity, of shares, 1% of equity, once we hit the million dollar valuation cap, Right? And so that doesn't mean that when we hit the million dollar valuation, that the that the shares that he has will turn into money. No, it

Speaker 1  27:53  
will only be it will only Yeah, so that's I got that, um, it'll only be worth that 1% will only be worth the amount that that that valuation cap amount, yeah, once the business is evaluated or worth that much money, yes.

me  28:13  
And so every time we would raise money, we you. So every time you raise money, or I don't know when else you would do an evaluation, but it's usually around the time you would raise money. I guess if you're getting ready to go public, you would do an evaluation to figure out how much each share is worth so you could sell it correctly at the stock market. I think that's the other time. Or if you're going to sell, you would want to know how much the company is worth before you sell. Okay, okay, before you sell. So that way you're, you're selling the the company at the the right amount. I kind of forgot where I was going. What was your question

Speaker 1  29:06  
I was I was really just making my own notes in my head, just breaking it down in lemons,

me  29:14  
yeah, oh, I think I was gonna say, like, you can evaluate. But we say, like, Hey, we're not ready to sell. We're just getting started. We could probably hit the 100 million evaluation in a year to two years. So every time we do the evaluation, the people would be able to see, like, how much their shares are worth, like, how much it's gone up. So when you give someone shares of the company, it's at a set price, so it's whatever the company is worth at that time. So the best time to get in is at the friends and family round, because the evaluation is basically zero, so you're getting the best amount of money, right? But then say someone comes in at the first round for like investors, if an investor put in 15k like Alejandro, put in 50 15k Alejandro would get 1% of the company, but the investor would get like, yeah, because of

Unknown Speaker  30:32  
the raising the value of the

me  30:33  
business, yeah. Like, how do they say yesterday's price is not today's price? Is that

Speaker 1  30:39  
type of thing? I get that because it's kind of like, it's, it's it's exactly like the stock

me  30:43  
market, yes, yes, it's, it's based, that's what it is. It's trading stocks before, but it's like fake money, until you have a look at it, liquidation thing, because at any point the company can go under. We could do a bad deal where, like one of the companies I worked at for a long time, I'm glad I left. They kept saying that they were going to go public, that they were going to be sold, and there was going to be a liquidation event. And so I think I had the startup money that I had in that invest in that company. It was enough shares at the price that I got it at that it would be half a mill if they sold, right? I ended up getting laid off at that company, so I lost all of my shares, and the company got bought out by another company, but because the company that I worked at was, I guess, in such a bad state, they couldn't negotiate buying out the shares so that there would be a liquidation of like to get To all of these different liquidation events is not easy, and it takes a long time, but when you do when it does happen, it's worth the wait, like for the payout for the people who invested early.

Unknown Speaker  32:20  
So does restructuring have to happen now?

me  32:22  
It would have Yes, so before we could do anything with investors to get them to Yeah.

Speaker 1  32:35  
So that's what I was looking at in that video. I was kind of concerned about the Carl delron meeting, because of that, we're not prepped to have we're not prepped to even receive any investment. So that portion,

me  32:55  
but but investor calls. You know how Carly said, like, don't worry about having the compliance and all that

Unknown Speaker  33:03  
stuff, by the way,

me  33:04  
yeah, same thing with this. Like, if we get on it, like this week, by the time we get around to, like, getting a check written, we would be good. We just need it. But I'm saying this because I don't, but I want you to fully believe that this is the right thing to do, because there there are a lot. It changes the dynamic of what we're doing by taking investor money, yeah, so where you would have full ownership of the direction, and say, in the company, and you don't answer to anyone. Once you get investors, you answer to them,

Unknown Speaker  33:52  
yeah, and that's what I was kind of like.

me  33:54  
I don't like it either. It's not, but for the it's not, it's not ideal, but I think you want to come with leverage, as much leverage as possible. And so the best way to build leverage is to build revenue on your own and then already be profitable. And you come to them and say, like, Hey, I already know what I'm doing. I'm profitable. I need you to just help me get to the next stage, like being a position like you're saying, make sure that the company can have credit and get credit. If we need it, we can go through grants. There's a whole bunch of things that we could do to get money outside of investment, but I do think getting at least one round of investment would be good once we have leverage.

Speaker 1  34:51  
Okay, so then, okay, we can work on that. We can work on that out, but that's also restructuring. So that's restructuring, the dynamic of, like, how we bring people on, yeah, because, because, and I understand that that's what that's coming to and I'm not, like, deterred by it, yeah, it's just that means we got, like, I have to have that conversation with the rest of the people involved as well with, like, the morning Alejandro,

me  35:29  
yeah, because the early equity so that the other thing is, the trick around, like, not having a lot of money up front is the earlier the employees are when they join, is the more equity you give them. So you don't want to give away too much equity up front, like for the founding team, so that you can use it later, later on, right

Speaker 1  35:58  
having that equity cap and group, okay? So can I use the restroom and then give you a call back in about 15 minutes? Or if you can look up, like the different topics or different things that need to be covered documents that we're going to need to know, like I need to know what tools I need to know what tools I'm going to need to break down this equity split, to know how much to Okay, we have 10% we can have 10% that we have shares or equity that we break amongst our employees, then we Have a good 40, I don't know. These numbers are not finite. They're just examples, 20 or 30 for VCs or other investors, and then the other percent is left for, like, the revenue and operational and all this other stuff. I don't know. Yeah, equity, equity is equal to money, right? Yeah, so, yeah. So that's how I'm that's how I'm envisioning, like a linear table or a linear chart. Like, this portion goes to the this 25% goes to employees. This 25% goes to is what's going to be our revenue. This 25% of the business is going to be for whatever else, investors that come in, and so on and so forth.

me  37:37  
Oh yeah, I can get that together for you. I kind of already have that built. The other thing I want to just throw at you before we wrap up for right now, is that we can also have companies invest in us. We don't have to go the VC route. We can say, hey, that's that's another reason why I wanted to go outside of nonprofits, because nonprofits can't invest in companies, but say, FedEx wanted to use us for some reason. Hey, FedEx, if you invest 2 million into the company, you'll get this percent of equity in the company, and we'll build wherever you want, because you own this percent of the company. Okay?

Speaker 1  38:22  
And then, all right, that's all of that stuff. Yeah, I'm for looking into all of that. I'm not against anything. Valerie, I'm not against anything. I am I just I can't My thing is I can't be against something that I don't know, too, I don't know about.

me  38:42  
So I'll get you more information so you can understand and get get a better sense. It's not something we have to do right now.

Speaker 1  38:51  
Okay, um, but also to that effect, too, I'm very good with, I'm very good with, like, adapting to things. My thing is documentation, right? Yeah. So if we're changing the structure, more paperwork,

me  39:13  
if you need help with the paperwork, I can help with that. Don't, don't worry about that. Okay, because I'm gonna have to do this for one of my other companies, and that's what made me realize, like, oh shit, you'll probably have to do this too,

Speaker 1  39:27  
yeah, so that that's my thing. Like, I don't want to bring more confusion, or not only that, like, if I'm the CEO of the company, then there's things that are going to be expected of me, as far as, like, the knowledge base, I assume

me  39:42  
knowledge base, but yes, but more so execution. Can you execute? And there's different ways you can protect yourself so that no one can push you out,

Unknown Speaker  39:58  
right? So, oh, yeah, we

me  40:01  
would need to talk to a lawyer that can set us up the correct way. I know somebody who's also black, who is not who's been in the tech space for a long time, but he's black first, so I would reach out to him.

Speaker 1  40:18  
I have somebody that might be able to help us legally too, and I'll reach out to them. I could do that before I call you too, because I don't know what their schedule was like or for that. So what? Then the timeline of things? Okay, so this we want to, when do we want to have that structure figured out, or at least, like, have a more solid plan for either is it before the meeting with Carl yamaron, because I don't want to approach that confused, like, Hey, we're LLC. We're LLC.

me  41:00  
Yeah, we don't need it so we can, we can have the conversation with Carl. And we don't need to say, like, the structure, he doesn't need to know that

Speaker 1  41:14  
when I say the confusion is, is just internally, like, I know you don't necessarily like the right hand what the left hand is doing, and not any other whatever place, but I don't want to sell I don't want to sell something in confusion.

me  41:38  
No, we'll get it. We'll get it straightened out so that when we go into the call we know exactly what our positioning is and everything like that.

Speaker 1  41:47  
I just bought some printer paper to about to hook up this printer and get my binder, my folder, prescribed folder, figured out with tabs and sections, legal documents and all that, so that I have that put together. Go through the smell, but yeah, I gotta use direct from real quick. And then I gotta get some I gotta get some stuff for focus. I might have to get back on my medication again because I can't sit still. I'm all the way dialed into this, though, like, if you see me moving around or like laying down or rolling around or whatever plan, it's not me being

me  42:40  
No, no, no, I know. I also have ADHD. I think that may be something genetic. I'm always moving and doing other stuff too in order to listen,

Unknown Speaker  42:50  
okay, because I was like, damn, she probably don't think I'm playing.

me  42:54  
No, we're trying to focus. No, I'm I'm the same way. I just, I think, I just rock. I'm rocking now because I'm holding the baby, but even if there was no baby, I would be rocking, right?

Unknown Speaker  43:07  
Me too, same, not rock sleeve all that. All right, I'll talk to you in a few

me  43:14  
All right. All right. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
