Speaker 1  0:00  
Benefit people. Sometimes use for good, bad. But here, as far as solutions, we use AI to benefit those in a way that takes time away from a technology and gets non profit organizations right back into the hands of the people. So instead of you being on your computer, you can work hand in hand with person. That's how we as private solutions use AI, and then we can go ahead and go, that could be day one prompt right there of how, you know, scratch solutions may say, I and then we can go into, I don't think we'd have to go into software. You know, we can decide what we want to say things like that. Go ahead, Richard,

Speaker 2  0:36  
I love that you understand the software so well that you can speak to it to that extent. That was perfect. That was a perfect breakdown. To me. I don't know about like, from a professional that's from Valerie, you

Speaker 3  0:51  
know, no, you just have to say it in plain English, because most people don't know what AI is, and they're afraid of it, or they just, it's just magic to them. So I think that's fine, but I was, I'm thinking about, I think LinkedIn would be a better platform for us than Instagram. I would say, like looking at the different social media platforms, LinkedIn is going to be the place where we do, like lead capture and connect with different people, right? So we want the presence there to be strong, and if we're a company that's building software, we need to have a LinkedIn company page with the logo, with the header and details about us that point to the website and we can post about our success, our wins, and post more content about that, be like a thought leader for like, case management, the future of it, and what it looks like in the nonprofit space, like you were saying. And then when I think about Instagram, we're going to do some of the same stuff, but we would be targeting like, what's the lady's name? Cassie? Is her name? Cassie? Carly. Carla, yeah. Carla, so we would try to target people like Carla, who are like directors, VPS, like managers of nonprofits that we would we would take a rather point, yeah, we would target them, and we would post stuff like, are you tired of like, constantly inputting stuff at work? You scribe solutions to reduce that burden and get to get back to helping with people. So that's saying, like, the content strategy would be different. So I think we can start to to plan for that. But you're saying different content strategies for different apps, yeah, because, like, the people who buy this product are going to be businesses. Businesses are on LinkedIn, right? So we want to be a thought leader on LinkedIn, so they come to us to learn about it and then buy our service. When we think about Instagram, some businesses are there, but they're not there to like, oh, what product can I go look for for my company to make life easier? They're just hanging out. And so if you post an ad that's like, slightly relative to what they do, and we can like, when we get to paid ads, like target them that way, then that's a lot easier.

Speaker 1  3:33  
Um, yeah, what you're saying we can use was it Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitch, Twitter, even things like that. All ticket connections towards LinkedIn so companies can go because I myself, I have actually connected accounts, just little spam accounts here and there, post little snippets of content, things like that. Try to get monetized. To my what else is this app called right here to my threads, things like that, like I have all four of those accounts connected via one account. So if I post on Instagram, it's going to post on Facebook, YouTube, it's on Facebook, post on Tiktok, gonna post on threads through Instagram. So what you're saying is we use like, four sub four subdivisions, basically to get these people, to get a our actual consumers, which is the companies and brands, to our main division, which would be LinkedIn, where we leave our basically, basically our product.

Speaker 3  4:36  
Yeah, well, yes and no. So you got it right for how we would use the different platforms, but each platform would actually just lead to our website. But when we think about like, what is our main social media platform that we want to dominate? It would be LinkedIn, because most business professionals are on LinkedIn, and the people who would buy like, are in the mode to like, I got to buy something for my company. We can like, we can do like, targeted email campaigns where we're we say we want directors of nonprofits of this size in this area, and then just like, pay for ads to like either be shown to them directly, or we can get in their inbox direct, directly like to get leads. So if we, if we're going to use that's going to be our platform to generate sales, right? And so because of that, we want our LinkedIn profile to look super solid.

Speaker 1  5:45  
Okay, so I understand it. You want to use all platforms to generate sales, but LinkedIn is going to be our main, our main main discussion,

Speaker 3  5:54  
yeah, main interest. So that one because, yeah, that's just because of what we're selling. Like, if we were selling like, if this was more of a like, how Richard you were talking about scribe personal. If it was scribe personal, I would say like, yeah, Instagram, Tiktok, that's what we would focus on. But because it's like, literally for companies, LinkedIn, yeah.

Speaker 1  6:22  
That makes sense. Tiktok, things like that. That would be for personals, drop dipping, but we're going to be selling to a company. As for the voice, if we do do edited videos, we could always record our voice, and we can be able to plug that into Adobe, and that we can pick little of them, we can make little cuts, things like that and the voices, so that we want little genres of where we want the things to be spoken upon, like if somebody were to make a 10 second video, per se, to say, scribe solution. Main objective is to get nonprofit organizations more in contact with the person, rather than the computer. We can cut that little 10 second of what I just said to like three second snippets to get a talk there and there. Or we can run all 10 seconds at once and then have the ads playing, or not the ad, but the video playing that will match what Scribe is talking about or what that person is talking about to match the video, because we are AI company that we plan to be, and I can understand us not wanting to use AI for the videos to make it seem more professionalism. But I think we might have to use a little bit a when it comes to the to the video making,

Speaker 3  7:38  
yeah, that's fine, but just not old people doing back that's like he was showing us like, that's that's a little much,

Unknown Speaker  7:46  
that's reasonable, that makes sense, yeah?

Speaker 2  7:50  
So that is covering like more. So, all right, so we have a plan, and that's to get these profiles or with content. Because I have a LinkedIn, prescribe, I have a Facebook, prescribe, I have an Instagram, prescribe, I have an x, prescribed. I have all of these things already prescribed, but I have no con

Speaker 3  8:12  
It's okay. We don't, we don't need content right now. As long as you have the profiles, then that's all we need. What we actually need to work on is, how do we talk about this project? How do we do demos and get that pitch deck? I'm almost done with the pitch deck. I just by in a day to day, I'll be done with it. But I think one thing that I wanted to do is like, go over. Maybe we can set up some time tomorrow, once I finish the pitch deck, to go over how we should start talking about it, to prep for the meeting with the guy on the 30th.

Speaker 2  8:54  
Well, I haven't set that meeting for the 30th yet, and that's the goal was, to have it on the 30th but if you need a little bit

Speaker 3  9:06  
more time, the only other thing I need to do is send out some emails for a different project that I need to get out. But outside of that, I'm good to go. Like let me see if I could get the the pitches done by tonight. I'll text you like my goal is to get it done by eight o'clock, before eight o'clock, and if it's not done, then, then I know I won't be ready to make the 30th meeting. And then we can go from there, okay, but I think even from now, like, kind of like talking about, like, how do we present the idea to people? Because this is, like, an enterprise app. We kind of want to be, hey, yeah, you're talking we want to make sure that we're, like, presenting it in a certain way, huh? My bad.

Speaker 1  10:21  
I was gonna say, like, an interesting but informal way.

Speaker 3  10:24  
Yeah, well, informal but also just like so these people are used to having, like, companies that are more established come in and pitch to them and demo, and it's done a certain way, like when they come in, they pitch to us at UCLA, like they have a pitch deck that they are, like a slide, like a PowerPoint, that they pull up, and they'll walk through it, and they'll go through things like that. And so for us, I want us to be able to do the same thing. And like, we could talk about it, but basically going down to like, how do we introduce ourselves? Like, what do we talk about? Like, our titles and our specialties and things like that could be covered in that deck. And what else? What else would we need to do? I was thinking about maybe recording, did I say this already? Maybe recording a demo that we just play, that people can see? Yeah, I think that would be good.

Speaker 1  11:39  
And then, like, recording a demo of the app being placed.

Speaker 3  11:43  
Yeah, okay, because I was thinking about doing that for the transcribe part, because in real time, that's going to be hard to demo, because you're gonna have to have someone pick up the phone at the exact time, go through the whole entire thing and then see the form populate. But I think that part definitely will have to be recorded.

Speaker 2  12:08  
Okay, so just to add on, because I thought about this since the last time we talked about the that VoIP like VIP, connecting to the VIP so you can record an in person call and, yeah, that's a feature that we set out for later on, but another work around that possibly could happen. You let me know. I would call it like an Am I used to, I had a name for it, but it's like an AI assistant, a case manager assistant, and all it is is just recording a button, recording, and then you can set that off to the side. Or it could be like a tablet, like, you know, the kiosk, or something for enrollment or intakes, and you just record, or it'll have a it'll have a video, or maybe even a template answer these questions, to answer these questions to the right, and that will be the intake, that will be the assessment form, just in case you're overloaded, or you have an in person meeting with an Individual and you're trying to populate that without having to manually document it.

Speaker 3  13:25  
I think that is a possibility, but I still think it will require some testing, just because it's going to be the same issue. The big concern with that is, what makes the phone work is that we are more we have a higher like the quality is going to be better both people are on the phone because they both have basically a mic to their to their face. When you have the record, you don't know how far away the person is. You don't know if those sound muffled or, you know, so the transcribing tool could miss a lot of details because of quality, and then that makes like our tool just seem like it doesn't work well.

Speaker 2  14:14  
Then it could be like a So say we have our so say the organization has a set intake like a universal intake form for all clients that they bring in, whether it be for whatever grant. So they that's what we would have. We would have a universal intake form. And then all those questions would then become prompts, because now it's not a form anymore, no, it's just prompts. And then all the information that was get. Say, I started recording, and it didn't pick up, like three or four of the questions, but it can, it can sift out the questions that it did answer, and then it will go back. It'll show you a checklist. Miss this missed this response. Missed this response, missed this response. How old are you? I'm 25 years old. When was your day, date of birth? But those responses were missed because of the way they responded, or how fast they responded, or it wasn't clear. It will give you a prompt at the end of it, so you're not having to go back and forth and back and forth. You can still go through the whole assessment. But at the end, when it starts to populate those data, that populate that data into whatever, into that client, into that client, client, place case load, it'll show the missing it'll show those missing components. And then they'll be like, sorry, the quality is the quality wasn't unclear, or I didn't hear you correctly, or maybe, whatever the case may be, it'll be a prompt. And you reread this or can you answer this question please?

Speaker 3  15:53  
And you're saying that should happen before they end the call, it wouldn't be a call. So I think, I think, I think this is a good idea to explore, like the in person recording, but I think that because there's so many different variables when it comes to in person recording, it's going to be a lot harder to get it and get it right. And if you want in real time, like suggestion and answers, it's going to be more expensive to get that going, because you know how I said every time like you make a call to have a the AI understand something, it costs money. So if we're saying in real time we want to get those suggestions and everything, or even if it's before the call ends, that means we would have to somehow.

Speaker 2  16:56  
Well, okay, so when you say suggestions, that's what I'm thinking like it doesn't it's not going to take much, I don't know, but based off of what we have already, we can eliminate the need. We can eliminate the cost for a number with this, with this workflow,

Speaker 3  17:15  
because I think it could, you would eliminate the cost for a number, but the quality of what gets output would could go lower. I think right now the idea is a good idea, but because it is a lot to think through, I think we should put that on hold, just for a bit like what we heard from is their name, Cassie, Carly Carly Carla. Today, I think those are more important features to like, look at, yeah, then trying to figure out the recording in person stuff, right? So I think let's focus on we have the workflow that makes us different, the form generation and then the transcribing that fills out the form. That's our core thing, that makes us great, right? But then what we need to do is make it easy for people to use our system over everything else. So the focus should be like the importing data from existing systems and making that simple. And then the other thing should be their workflows. We need to be able to support it like the adding the notes and things like that. I think that additional feature, like once we get the basics in, is going to be good, and we'll have one revenue coming in at that point, and two more people using the app, and we'll see what they're requesting. Because it could be that that's the next big thing people want, but it could also be something completely different,

Speaker 2  19:11  
like that, that only that idea only comes to me because, like, the idea is to take away my idea was to take away manual documentation, not eliminate it, but take away the need for it, so in every in every setting. So you might not how do we take away the need for the manual documentation in person? Because, yeah, we covered the grounds of over

Speaker 3  19:33  
we well, we could. We could do that like that. Could be the mission, like we could even add that for our marketing. And we can say our next phase of that is when you're in person and not over the phone, that's our next feature. Okay? I think, yeah, I think there we have enough momentum and enough people excited about what we already have. We don't want to lose that by trying to continuously build and improve before we solve, like, their other needs to get them to pay. That's what I'm worried about. Like, let's get them paying for us to come up with ideas, versus, like, not getting paid to come up with ideas and executing,

Unknown Speaker  20:22  
taking getting paid for our labor. That's understandable.

Speaker 3  20:24  
Yeah, yeah, they're gonna pay for us to think and have fun, like, let's, let's get to that.

Speaker 1  20:33  
So it's a good idea to start generation. Start generating revenue, especially Richard, with the money your uncle is loan you and the promissory note we wrote that does give us, that gives you that formal time we start generating revenue. Now you'll have that saved over so you don't have to worry about it. And then, when it comes to generating revenue, we can also implement that into other things the business as well, like whatever organizations might throw at us, per se. They throw an idea of, you know, can the documents be written in real time as you're talking to the to the person we're helping, to the nonprofit organization like per se, clientele is a client is working with somebody that's been recently released. And, you know, they're taking information through the AI, and they're on the phone call, and then you have scribe up and they say, you know, my name is Jacob. I'm 25 years old. And they ask, Will, Will the AI be able to implement that as they're talking, you know, that'd be something that might be good to look into to get the workload done faster.

Speaker 2  21:43  
Well, that's what it is like. I mean, from what I heard you explain, like, that's exactly everything. It's response tracking.

Speaker 1  21:53  
But instead of that like, what I mean is like, instead of that 10 to 22nd Wait, it'll do it as it's going to eliminate that tend to second, 22nd wait time.

Speaker 2  22:03  
And that's what my sister was talking about, the expense of the expense of

Speaker 3  22:10  
the calls. Yeah. So we were so to break it down. If we were to do it in real time, what we would do is, like, we would have, like, a check, like, every, I don't know five seconds, we would probably have to be even quicker than that, because it would probably have to be like, every I don't know three seconds, no, like every second, or every like millisecond, so like half of a second, it was sent no, it probably had to be okay. Let me just explain it in English. So it'd be, I'd have to be like, every second, anywhere from one to three seconds. It would take what we have send it to AI, have it checked to see if it answers the questions and fills out the form, and just keep doing that over and over and over and over again until we find all the answers for the form. And every time you make a call to AI, that's going to cost, point 0012, cents. So say a call is, on average, we're saying 15 minutes. That's a lot of API calls that you would make, and that would make the phone call really expensive, and we would have to push the price, like the subscriptions, up higher to offset that cost. So I think over time, it'll be cheaper and cheaper to make the AI call, so we can get there. But I think right now, there might be right now for the MVP, I think that would be a little bit much. I do think that we can get there. I think from a technical standpoint, there could be some ways that we once we get enough data in our system, we could stop making API calls to like something like chat GPT or something, and we can have our system set up so that it can Understand what chat GPT said in the past from similar phrases of conversations and then return the same answer. I don't know if that makes sense.

Speaker 2  24:29  
No, it does. It's a language learning logic, yes, yes, while it's learning, or while it's using some art, yeah, while it's learning, what chat GPT does and we create. You know, our case, loads and stuff. Once we get to once it learned enough, then we don't have to rely on another service to provide the same

Speaker 3  24:50  
Yeah, yeah. So the goal, if we did something like that, we would want to design it in a way that, yeah, we hit chat GPT when it's something new, but we need to set up the system to like, be a system that learns conversations on its own, so that we're getting an information Yeah, and so yeah, no, no, that you guys get it

Speaker 1  25:17  
all right, considering if It's like new, would we be able to just, like per se, talk to the chat GBT and then, like, try to get it to learn as quick as possible, rather than just talk with the clients one by one by one?

Speaker 3  25:34  
Do you mean? Do you mean, like, every time we record and transcribe a call. Well, what do you mean?

Speaker 1  25:46  
I mean it like, like we do chat GBT, like a one on one tutor when it's not being used. So that way it's always learning something.

Speaker 2  25:57  
Well, that's the thing. It can only learn from what it what it's experiencing, and if it's not experiencing, if it's not experiencing those calls, it's not going to learn, it's not going to learn anything. Yeah, the only way that you can like, yeah, it has through experience, either giving it, feeding it a whole bunch of information, or, I like, giving it information as you go along. But I think the way so as far as what we have as a product, I think we got it down to the level, other than the new features that you're going to add in or work towards putting into it, what we have so far has grabbed that attention we didn't get to show one thing I do want to talk about is we didn't get didn't get to show all the features. And I am glad that she was so expressive about the things that she wanted before we got to show the things that we had for two reasons, because what we got is cool, and they didn't even get to see that. But also what we don't have they don't know,

Speaker 3  27:04  
yeah, so that's what I was thinking about. Like, how do we structure our demos? I think I can put together, like an agenda, like timeline, little thing that we can, like, work off of So, like anybody can eventually run these demos. So it'd be like the first, I don't know, like five minutes for doing intros. So Richard, you introduce yourself, and then you will go around and have, like, the team introduce themselves. I think one thing Richard, you should try not to say is, I'm your sister, because I feel like that.

Speaker 2  27:48  
Yeah, but that's because, well, the first portion of me selling this was trying to give people, because 40 to $75,000 for a project when I don't have anything. But I'm saying that this is a great idea that would, that would, that's really hard to sell, because I would have to find somebody who's willing to invest and get that going right. But that was before you came about. Now I use that so thus far, I've been using that as like a selling point too, like we don't have to pay for we don't have to app developer to get to where we need to get to. We have one, and I have one that's not just she's dedicated to working with me. She wants to see me win. She's my sister. But going on and moving forward, even with the even with Carl demeron, like I haven't mentioned that. I even have, I haven't mentioned that I even have a team, and what that team, where that team came from. Because even with you, Alejandro, like you're you're an investor, you're a funder, and you're also the co founder, but when i That's why I wanted to talk about the roles and then have, like, some pretty good BIOS put up there, because, to an extent, that's not going to matter, like you're An investor with no experience in the work.

Speaker 3  29:21  
Well, okay, so actually, the founding team matters more sometimes than the project when it comes to investors, and so you want to make sure that your team looks like they're qualified and they have experience in the space that you're in with the more money that you're going after, even if you're doing grants and stuff like that, they want to know that people on the team that is going to take their money has the skill and knowledge to make the right decisions. And so I think another thing that we'll have to figure out is, how do we explain the investor, co founder title? Because usually people only have one, and if we are trying to go and get like startup tech investor money, it will create a space where the app could seem undesirable if an investor also has the title co founder within the app, just because of how investments and cap tables and all that stuff looks I

Unknown Speaker  30:46  
last All right,

Speaker 1  30:53  
so what would you suggest by chance? Because I know there's like Google has some way to get certified so that I can be more with technology, because I know Google has like some certifications, like things like JPEG, things like that, not JPEG, like warrior, things like that. So started looking for, start trying to do like more. Start try to like what aim for, like technological certifications, to seeing more, more in tune with the company.

Speaker 2  31:28  
Well, I don't think that's necessarily something that you have to be concerned about, because if you take the position at that point, or position of an investor, and not a co founder, so

Speaker 3  31:40  
I don't I So invest, to invest in a company, there are some like legal things that you like, you have to be, like, certified as an investor, to be to do this, or you have to work with a like Hedge Fund, so a company that just invest in companies. So those are usually the two ways around being an investor. There is the option of like a so usually for in the tech world, they do. They talk about rounds of funding, right? And so the very first round of funding that you go through is your friends and family fund. And the Friends and Family Fund is a way for like you to get, like, anywhere from like, a couple 100 bucks to a couple 1000 bucks from people who just believe in you, and in return, the founder is supposed to give you equity, but the equity say, it's like, I don't know, anywhere from like, two to three to 10% that you because you're investing so early you get it out of you're supposed to get it at a really great deal. So say, say the deal is, you get, you put in $100 and the stock is $1 each, right? Because you're so early, so you get 100 pieces of stock of the company, and that's your equity. But then by the investor before, yeah, and so that, I think that's the that's a good way to frame it, because you'll get more than if you were to come in at like a seed round, because then the stock would be like, I don't know, 50 Cent a share or No, I do. I went backwards. It should be like 150 or $2 Am I going the right way? Yeah, I am. So one to 150 to $2 so you pay more, you pay the same amount, and get less stock, and it just keeps going that way. And the reason why I say maybe putting that under friends and family, is when you try to get like that seed or pre seed funding, where the checks are 500k 700k and higher. Those investors, because they're putting in such a big amount of money, they want to see a clean table where there's no other investors that they're competing with, and because they just, it's an ego thing, they're just like, Oh, I found this company super early. It's a unicorn. All this like weird stuff. It's a it's a bigger payoff for them. I

Speaker 2  34:41  
cheap. I went in there sick, just letting y'all know. So if Russ isn't able to come to a meeting next week, it's just because I was sick.

Speaker 1  34:51  
Yeah, so friends and family investment would be my best option to take off the title of investor and then just be just one title as a co founder.

Speaker 3  34:59  
Yeah, I think that because you because you can get equity as a co founder, you'll have equity because, like, you're there early in building. I think the stress of being a co founder is when you go into investing meetings, you're going to be grilled about this. You're going to be expected to know all this stuff too well. It depends on how it's set up, because sometimes one founder is better at pitching and stuff than the other, but you'll be a part of like that, those meetings and stuff like that.

Speaker 1  35:40  
So the information Richard sent the company, not the company, but the way the company works, software, things like that. I mean, what's understand it all Sal, the software that's used for, uh, scribe, so I wouldn't mind like going in as an investor and explaining its other investors to get them to buy into the company. That's something I feel like I can do to the best of my knowledge.

Speaker 2  36:01  
I mean very it's still very early, so like my understanding, I can break it down. I know what it is like. I want it to be built. And I know this, the problems that I wanted to solve are going to get solved. Now, it's the thing of learning about the terminology, getting that cohesive message across so it's clear and straight across the board. And that's that's just going to come with time, and that's going to come with time sooner rather than later, because we about to be in some big places or so,

Speaker 1  36:45  
because I have the door to door of sales where you know, you go to talk to people in person, customer service, things like that. So I have knowledge, not knowledge, but a background of being able to talk with people, things like that, how to approach things like that. So when it comes to the company, and not really selling the company, but getting people to buy into the company, the idea of the company, and, you know, getting in on the piece of pie before it becomes like a big old, big old piece, I feel like I can, I can go into room investors, Yeah, that's something I can do, talk to people, things like that. I can do that.

Speaker 2  37:25  
Okay, hard. So, what are the So, what are the next? What are we doing today? We need to

Speaker 3  37:34  
get the demo down and finish the pitch deck to talk to that guy,

Speaker 1  37:43  
okay, then I'll learn more about the company. Richard, all right,

Speaker 2  37:50  
so we already crossed off. We already crossed off the need for the social media platforms we got that don't worry about that. That would happen the website designer, if you want to have a meeting later on today too, with the with the website designer, and we can talk about what's on there, because I already paid $500 for that. It just hasn't been put up yet, because it hasn't been completed. But it's because I don't really know what to I don't know the best way to format it.

Speaker 3  38:23  
I think I was working on that for you and just stopped working on it. Like the I forgot the name of that platform, that platform you have, yeah. Oh yeah, you did send me a figma with the layout for the site, but we need to switch that over into the actual landing page.

Speaker 2  38:53  
I'm sorry. I'm like, I'm happy, and my mind is going 1000 places. So then, what do you want me to work on? So because, sorry, if you're working on the pitch deck and the demo and what I'm practicing, I can't practice a way to sell it without

Unknown Speaker  39:23  
the pitch deck.

Speaker 2  39:27  
Are we differentiating my my approach and how I sell myself?

Speaker 3  39:36  
I think I think so, because I don't so it makes sense for some of the nonprofits you're talking to now, but eventually it won't make sense for every non like, if you're going into a nonprofit that's about, I don't know music, because that's what I'm currently working on. It wouldn't make sense for you to bring up these topics, you get me, especially like with different because you never, you never know how people take things. So you want the software to shine more so than your story, because you have this the software is strong on its own. Your story is the extra selling point.

Speaker 3  40:37  
So I think, like, to me, if you were going to pitch, like, if how I would go about pitching it is, I would say, like, hey, really glad you're here. Do like, let's start introducing ourselves. This is my name. I'm passionate about this. This is my title. I've been working on this for x amount of time. I'm really here to solve this problem and getting nonprofits focused on the people and not the data. And here is my team, and then start introducing people, and with our BIOS, we will need to figure out how to best position ourselves, to show like we are credible to build this like, for me, it's, I've I've ran a nonprofit for years. I've been in tech, like, I know compliance and things like that.

Speaker 2  41:33  
For me, it's I've been in social services, social service, doing social service work since I was 13, and I know the importance of that person, that that connection, that person, personal connection, yeah, or, you know, yeah,

Speaker 1  41:54  
for me, you know, imagine like a customer service. So I know how to communicate with other people, but I'll know what it's like to to, you know, have communication with a person rather than their computer.

Speaker 3  42:10  
Yeah, what is the other girl's name? I forgot that was on the call with us

Unknown Speaker  42:16  
today. Good morning.

Speaker 2  42:18  
Good morning. Yeah, okay, and her name is a little complicated. I mean, it's not complicated, it's the morning or the morning.

Speaker 3  42:32  
So, like the morning, yes, okay, um, damn, where did I put Sorry, I'm working on something else. So yeah, so that's how we would do the intros. And then Richard, you would really focus on, like, pitching, what Scribe is in, like your elevator pitch, so we would need to create that. But I would say, What did you said? It was you said you described scribed as like response,

Speaker 2  43:12  
data collection reporting system for nonprofits to stay grad compliant. Usually I switch them between an automated an automated platform for nonprofits to collect data.

Speaker 3  43:28  
Wait, no, no, no. The way you described like the form, you said it was response tracking, response tracking. So what I would say is that scribe, Scribe is a case management system focused on getting people, getting nonprofits closer to the people and further away from the Tech where things matter, some like, clean that up, some somehow like that, like a bold impact. And then we would say, like, how do we do it? Like we have the we have automated using AI response tracking so that you are we automated compliant response tracking so that your intake, your forms and intake that you do with your clients are automatically transcribed into data, creating simplified dashboards, reporting and all other admin related tasks, something to that effect. And then, then you would go into, how do we do how do we do that? So you could talk about the key features, so automatic form generation. We would talk about, we would talk about the automatic form generation. We would talk about the response tracking, response tracking, yeah, the compliance part of it. And what else,

Speaker 2  45:16  
reducing admin work, reducing admin workload and admin strain or burden,

Speaker 3  45:22  
burden, yeah, through the case management are like the programs and session tracking that you do in person, especially when you do in person tracking and venues that don't allow technology where we take a picture of the attendance sheet and automatically update it with by like mass applying notes or automatically doing attendance within The system to make sure things are accurate, and getting people close, people closer to the money, and through outcome tracking. Like I feel like I'm just like saying stuff, but we'll find a way to clean it up, because I know you have the note taking going, but basically, basically, I'll have a I'll create a slide where you talk about all the key features. And the way that we could do it is we, every time we talk about a feature, we could demo it, or, like on this slide, it could have a GIF of it going and showing people how it works as you're talking about it. And you could do that slide by slide, and then we could do testimonies and say, like was her name, Cassie, Carla.

Unknown Speaker  46:56  
Carly. Carly, like i CARLY. Carly,

Speaker 3  47:01  
it's okay, Carly. Like, how Carly was just, like, instantly excited about it. Like, we could ask her, she's okay, if we put her down as a quote in there, and then we can say we're also, we would have some slide in there that would say we're also a nonprofit. We also support our nonprofit ourselves, because we're doing the program, the reentry program, that you're talking about, Richard, and that's where you can, if it makes sense, share your story about the impact it's had for you, and then say, like, this is a program that could change lives of others too. So not only are we making it easier for people to for nonprofits to give back to the community, we're doing that the same type of work too. And then, um, let's see. I think that. I think that's about it. And then I just go into the demo and see if anyone has questions. So that's how I would pitch it to like clients, pitching it to investors would be a little bit different. We would go through some of that stuff, maybe not go into detail that much about the features, but what sets us apart, like, what is our revenue strategy talking about? Like, how we plan to go to market. What is the amount of money that we can capture all that, all that stuff like, what is lead generation look like? How much does it cost to acquire a user, and can we scale like? Will we make money, or will it just cost too much money to have people on the platform and the team. The team will be important for investors. I think those are the two big difference from client versus demo.

Speaker 2  49:16  
Yeah, I'm glad my I'm glad I didn't put too much on that website, because it's not, it's not too telling. And I feel like it, it keeps me safe from having to worry about being like the other guy, yeah, because I was generating afterwards

Unknown Speaker  49:52  
is similar, yeah. So yeah, we got this extend content, then practice the pitch deck, and then do you guys want to have another meeting

Speaker 2  50:16  
before that? Of course, before the Carl demeron meeting, but Operation New Hope wants to have a meeting within the next week or so.

Speaker 3  50:31  
Operation New we could just have a meeting tomorrow, because I'll have the pitch deck done for sure. Well, I'll have the content for the pitch deck done tonight, for sure. I just want to make it look pretty and I'm looking at the branding. How much did you pay that guy to do the branding? The brand guy?

Speaker 2  50:57  
Yeah, I paid $1,500 for the brand guide, the LLC and the brand guide, the LLC to be filed, the pitch deck material and app screens, like and all of that stuff was generated with AI. Except for, I don't know if the brand guide

Speaker 3  51:20  
was it? I think it was. And it, I like the core concept of it, but some of the stuff, it looks a little, oh shoot, hold on, looks. Looks a little dated for what websites usually look like, and that's why I was little confused. He had to use AI for this.

Speaker 2  51:55  
Yeah, it was a, it was a, you know what? And the crazy part is, I've dropped my other app developer for this app developer, because of the way that our conversation went. And then the stuff that he showed me

Speaker 3  52:11  
is he Yeah, I could see that. I've done that too. I've worked with designers and are just art people, people, creatives and like, their portfolio doesn't match up with, like, what they actually sent you.

Speaker 2  52:27  
Yeah, I was, I wasn't really feeling all the stuff you were sending me every time, most times I wasn't.

Speaker 3  52:33  
But it's okay. I think I can still take what he has as a start and kind of like edit around it, yeah, because this would look good if you were doing something that's not like a website, because the gold gradient doesn't do well on websites. That's the only thing that's like, really, I'll take what he did and I'll just add just a little bit more to it and clean it up.

Speaker 2  53:12  
So I mean, I already purchased, I already purchased the brand. So the brand is already I can continue to reshape my brand, right?

Speaker 3  53:23  
Yeah, we haven't. The moment that you can't is when you buy like merch, so like hats and and pencils and business cards with the logo. That's when you're kind of like, in too deep. I don't think this is all like, I'm going to use most of it. I'll probably just change the colors, and that's it, okay, so it's not like, a waste or anything. Okay.

Speaker 2  53:52  
And then I like, okay. So the logo for the app is telling to, I tried to make it telling to what it is that we're doing. So each tab is representing representative of what you know, what Scribe is, the contacts, or what scribe can do. So the contact being that person you know that that silhouette of the body, and that just represents having, like your clients or your contacts within this journal or within within this book, and then or case. And then there was, like a graph, a chart that represents, like the data you know, or tracking actually, that represents tracking outcomes. And then there's another portion where it has, like a chart, and not, you know, represents the reports and stuff like that. And then there's another tab right under that tab, and it's, it's something else, but it's supposed to represent, like, what Scribe is supposed to do, too. And in the journal, I took the idea of the journal from what, you know, my work environment, like, I walk around with a case, with the folder, a binder. That's where all my cases go. And I have to go through these tabs to find my cases, to log that data. So I really like, I really like the logo because it has a lot of meaning to me. And I feel like when people look at it, one, it'll resemble like an everyday icon. For one, it won't. I mean, I don't feel like it stands out so much to where it just looks like an odd an odd application on your screen. It kind of matches up with what you will see on the iPhone screen, like the notes or for like contacts and stuff like that.

Speaker 3  55:55  
Okay. I mean, I like the concept that you're talking about. I think this more so reminds me a logo from like, the early 2000s so I would just if, if you're okay with it, I would just clean it up a little bit, but keep the same concept so that it'll look good on like, like an app logo from far, like an app logo on the website, so it could look a little bit more modern, right? But I'll keep, like, what you're talking about in the logo, okay?

Speaker 2  56:32  
And as long as I mean, it doesn't even matter at this point, because it's not the logo that's selling it. It's what it

Unknown Speaker  56:40  
Yeah, that's what it does. Yeah.

Speaker 2  56:44  
I steered clear of changing up the logo or trying to keep everything together for that, for that funders mixer that I went to, because I didn't want to come thinking that I'm going to put up a pitch deck, and then people come ask me about what the you know, if they want to see the brand guide, or if they want to see the website, or if they want or if they want to see whatever the case may be. I didn't want to put up golden black and then have purple and gold or purple and blue. But yeah, if we want to change it up and revamp the look,

Unknown Speaker  57:18  
right now is the best time to do it, because we only got so many eyes.

Speaker 3  57:25  
Yeah, and I'm just thinking, if we're going in front of a marketing person, they're gonna want to see, like, something that's well established, like, we want to look well established, yeah, alrighty.

Speaker 2  57:39  
Well, I'm happy. Again. I continue to be happy and again. Thank you very much. Because a lot of the traction, like I was just about to show Alejandro, actually, I'll show you two. And I think I've had a couple of these breakdowns before, but like, I mean, you're a developer, you know how much it would How much would you have charged another, another person, to build the same thing?

Speaker 3  58:13  
Clear, a low 75k on average. I This, this would give me over 100k easily, this platform, like I would build out this project and not work for the rest of the year.

Unknown Speaker  58:34  
Yes, and and you said everything. The cool part about it is like,

Speaker 2  58:43  
that is very much what that price range was looking like, yeah, with the amount of we have so many more features built out. But with the with what I gave, and initially just the VoIP, with the auto transcription. There was nothing under 40k. For me, yeah, and yeah, still, oh, like, let's do it. Let's figure it out. I already know this, don't bring it. But like I said, for me, that would have came in and installments. I would have been 5000 here, 10,000 here. I was hoping to build up traction in that way, but I would only got so many parts done, like I would have got the UI or a couple of components of the screens, and then this part and then this part. But I feel like at the stage we're at, we already got, like a $30,000 project.

Speaker 3  59:51  
I think it's a little bit more than that. But question for traction and validation, you said, what were the nonprofit names that we kind of have commitments or connections to get commitments from. Okay?

Speaker 2  1:00:07  
And that's like every time I've gotten up, every time you guys see me stand up just because I'm getting up to go look for my business cards. And then I realized that they're not in here. Again, I just did that right now. But okay, so Operation New Hope Family Assistance,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:29  
hope culture is willing to have a conversation and is

Speaker 2  1:00:37  
ready to work with me on different levels so we can possibly bring in maybe later on, if they're not ready for scribe, some of the other ideas we've talked about, they're doing a lot of youth programs and stuff, so we might be able to implement that or work, because he wants to have me there, just because of my background, just because of, like, my experiences, and then the type of influence He feels like I can have on his population, so we could leverage that. But hope culture is is a maybe. Then we have Rose escajada, and I can't remember what nonprofit she works for, but she's ready to have a meeting as soon as as soon as her little schedule, because we talked twice yesterday, but it was just too jam packed. So she's interested in the software. She wants to see a demo, and we just have to set up a meeting so we can get that, get that conversation going, that flow conversation, okay, rise and Inc wants to work with us. Rising Inc is a small nonprofit only been established for three years, and right now they're teaching digital literacy classes. Again, another, another thing we can work with and and maybe a possible consumer, I don't know how big their I know it's only been three years, and the guy that I talked to when we both went up on at the funders mixer, he was more nervous than I was. I mean, he's established, he got his stuff going on, but it seemed like he was more nervous about what he was doing than I was, or he just was, like a bad presenter, but so those are options. And then, oh, I got a connection with a physician, or not a physician, like she's a data analyst for psychiatry, or some type of medical, medical thing. But she's, she called it, uh, data hell, or something like that, where she's doing a lot. So she has like a month window where she I have to get back at her in like a month, but she's wanting to sit down and really look at the software too. She gave us, she gave some insight on some people that we can go towards, and that's like, like, health private practitioners. Oh, okay, because they might be more interested in that type of software.

Speaker 3  1:03:23  
Oh, no, wait a minute, you're 100% right, because my doctor just started using something like that. She on her phone. When she walks in, she turns something on, will ask me questions, and I think what it does is it fills out the details for what I got seen for, and it automatically upstate the chart, and then it sends that data to the insurance company using the right insurance code, if we can get scribed to work like that. That's a lot of money within itself. So self, oh, and I know how to work with insurance codes, because for the last like seven years, I worked in mental health tech, building out systems that worked with insurance codes.

Speaker 2  1:04:18  
Wow. So ability path with that, okay, perfect. We are practitioners, or we got an idea of how we can work with different practitioners, independent practitioners, but also ability path, or other types of nonprofits like you were saying, are going to need that medical type of software for, specifically, where de Mornay works at, she works with autistic people. She's an autism advocate. And, okay, so there's these things called, you know, the NPI number is

Unknown Speaker  1:05:04  
No, n pi, no,

Speaker 2  1:05:07  
it's the Personal Identification Number something, I did personal identification something, but it's for the medical field, and if you have certifications, like my CHW or peer support specialist, and you become a or you work for a certified healthcare provider, it could be nonprofits. It could be any, any certified healthcare provider they're able to bill Medi Cal for the services that they provide. Now, in order to build medical they have to be able to like track all of that medical that medical information and medical history, so their current, their current insurance, their insurance number and stuff like that. I don't know all the ins and outs of it, but or maybe even being able to have like, not everybody's not everybody has an NPI, not everybody is certified in whatever training. So maybe even having those, those different differentiation, difference, different I can't say the

Unknown Speaker  1:06:28  
word I know what you mean,

Speaker 2  1:06:33  
like where we can label that in the system, like this case manager, and then under that case manager's name, it's like their NPI number, or their medical billing information or whatever the case may be, just so we know okay this when we go and link, say, I need help with my client, but the organization wants to utilize CHWs, their peer Support Specialist, because they can bill Medi Cal for that work. They want to know specifically who is certified so that they can use that caseload, or they can move that caseload to someone else that is certified as well, instead of giving that caseload to someone who isn't certified, and then they don't get to Bill Medi Cal for the services.

Speaker 3  1:07:22  
The No, okay, that that's definitely a different take. So it's, it's, so we can say, scribe will help you nonprofits

Unknown Speaker  1:07:37  
create general revenue, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:07:40  
yeah, yeah, grants, and then also, yeah, that's a that's a big that's a big deal.

Speaker 2  1:07:48  
So the reason why, okay, so another reason why I wanted this, the impact of the workforce development program that I wanted to run. I mean, not when I say I like that, but I'm trying to specify no no reason wanted to run. It was because the trainings that I was going to offer the individuals going through it are CHW and peer support training, and those are certifications that whether, whether or not what those are certifications that will allow nonprofits to bill for that for their services. So if we train these people through this pilot for these certifications now, nonprofits are now nonprofits have more trained and certified staff. They understand that the the I mean on all the other angles that I brought up before, so we're helping create general revenue for nonprofits by by helping with this, by helping support a Workforce Initiative, or creating a work before is funding. We're also helping them by the sort of the types of certifications that we're pushing for individuals to get, and creating success stories for those. Oh no, no, we're talking about generating revenue. So yeah, those are the two ways. Those are the two ways that we could generate revenue for nonprofits, and then the grant compliance. So as making making sure that we are tracking all these different interactions is going to bring more funding for the nonprofits. So it's like threefold, but that's if we go that workforce development route. I mean, we are going that route right now, but that's just to prove that the software works for nonprofits. Once we're done with this pilot, we don't ever have to do a workforce development program again. But then are we pulling from the attention that we could get by having some type of initiative attached to this work.

Speaker 3  1:10:11  
I think you should follow the money. The money is what the app, anything else outside of the money is going to be the Ferguson, yeah, it's gonna be a distraction, unless you have a team to to really sit there and make it happen, right? Ask. I'm saying this as someone who made all of those mistakes, like, if I would have just focused on, focus on the money first, and then you can circle back when you have steady income, and build a nonprofit that has the impact that you want, because you control the revenue going into it right? If you do it the other way around, you're going to be chasing money and try to come, try to be chasing a steady income at the same time, and that is that's just going to burn you out. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:11:12  
So also, again, I need, I need something to prove, like your credibility attached with this. And then what does that look like, even in a sense of your commitment? What does that mean for investors when they look at it? Okay, you're just developing the software as a pro bono thing. Or are you invested? Are you invested in with equity, or your return? Like, what does that look like because you're a part of the team, so that team's going to need, like, what? What is coming out of it for you? And I don't care, honestly, I just wanted to be something that I can show like I have tech by choices. Valerie Phoenix, not my sister, but take by choices. Valerie Phoenix, like, you know, building this out.

Speaker 3  1:12:02  
Yeah, um, I'm down to be put down as, like, a founding team member, or whatever makes the most sense, because, like, I'm clearly investing time into this, so that's not an issue. Yeah, dang we I think the first time we talked about this, I'm looking at my notes to try to work on this. I think we first start talking about this like January 4.

Speaker 2  1:12:40  
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. January 4. It's not even January 30. Yeah, and we got it.

Speaker 3  1:12:47  
I told you by the end of the month I would have the app done.

Speaker 2  1:12:52  
I believe that you look the simple, the simple fact that like, you were even interested in even if you would have gave me the funkiest bunk stuff in the world. I appreciate the work that you were, that you know, good enough to do that so it could have came a year from now. I mean, it probably would have been for, for not if it came a year from now. But, yeah, like I was stoked. I was stoked. I was astonished. I believe that it was going to happen regardless, because of the way you came about it. And then, yeah, like, it's amazing. It's crazy. I don't know how you did it, but you didn't,

Speaker 3  1:13:33  
yeah, and you haven't even seen the stuff that I most recently did, because I didn't push anything last night, so we would be good for the demo. So the rest of it is going to be up there, since I push it. But yeah, I'm, I'm not gonna lie. I'm actually surprised myself.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:58  
It's been a crazy lot, crazy couple

Unknown Speaker  1:14:01  
groundwork for you to build with.

Speaker 3  1:14:05  
No, it's a good idea, and it you doing all the connection work makes it a lot easier, because I could just focus on building, and that's that's it. But, okay, yeah, no, no, you're fine. Um, I'm trying to see, like, what else? What other information I would need to get this going? Um, what did you say? The guy's name was, again,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:37  
Carl damaron. Dameron.

Speaker 3  1:14:40  
Okay, I'm gonna do some reach research on him so I can know a little bit more about what he would most likely be looking for. Because the other thing I just thought about it, that is in a pitch deck, typically, is what you're asking for, like, the amount of money, and typically the amount of money you would need is cover everyone's salary for at least a year or two, honestly for pre seed, cover people's salary for a Year, and then you would need to cover the expenses of running the app for a year, like whatever, however, like, for a year. And ideally, you would set that up so that by the time the money runs out, you should be profitable. It hardly ever works that way. But that's like the goal, or you have like a timeline of when you would be profitable. So you would say, based off of like the projections that we had, we would be profitable. I think it said in like five years, if I remember correctly,

Speaker 2  1:16:04  
well, profitable to what extent? Because, in from the projections that I that like I've had so far, it's within a year we should be making over a $95,000 but that's if we can get into like 1212, different nonprofits at a certain rate for with about like 50 to 75 users.

Speaker 3  1:16:30  
Yeah, so I think profitable would be the revenue would cover, would cover everyone's salary and the cost of, like, keeping the app up and the app our business up and running. So if we get office space, it would include getting office space. Are you crying or talking? It would include office space, salary and running the app and any other expenses, like parties and whatnot. So are we financial strategy?

Speaker 2  1:17:21  
Your financial strategy session is day one, Wednesday. I think I just got a I think I just got a spam. What is.io is.io is.io trustworthy?

Speaker 3  1:17:41  
It's probably spam if you didn't sign up for it. Hold on one second.

Speaker 2  1:17:59  
Hello. I think she thinks I'm ignoring her. Hello, yeah, all right, but um,

Speaker 2  1:18:14  
all right, yeah. Carl damaran of gameron, I wanted to look into, I'll do the research about Salvation Army and what services that they have, and then try to think of different ways we can implement scribe in our pitch deck for them,

Speaker 2  1:18:38  
So we can have the best chances. I do, oh, that's something to ask. So do you think asking for the money or, like, what is a safe number that we can request?

Speaker 3  1:18:52  
Um, I'll run some numbers and I'll figure it out. I

Speaker 3  1:19:03  
stop. But it depends on like, what see, if he's asking for an investor to stack, I don't know it what type of funding he typically does, or if he's just trying to understand like, like. So there's different types of investors, right? So there's like, see seed investors, where they'll write a check of like, 25 to 50k and not think much about it, like you don't have to send them a lot of details in order to get it right. But then there's Yeah, but then there's some people who will write a check for, like, 100 or 200k and not ask you for a lot of information. So it all depends on, like, where is he at and what type of stuff does he do? Well, he

Speaker 2  1:19:56  
runs the biggest PR firm, so public relations, um, he's connected. If you look at his let me show you this man's website, just to see the like his like how credible his name is.

Speaker 2  1:20:22  
Our right, let me move this down here. Let me touch this. Press this and wait. It says that I'm already screen sharing. Wait. Is there anybody else sharing the screen? I'm not. I

Unknown Speaker  1:21:00  
don't know what's happening right now. Escape, escape, escape, escape. All right. Needs permission to share. All right.

Speaker 2  1:21:16  
We should be good now share the screen. All right. So. Carl Damara, you got five star reviews. Only two Google reviews, though, but let's see over 9.9k following. That's pretty respectable. I should say, recognize your social media presence, local, regional or national. Connected with Dow Jones, Fox, LA Times you times. Yeah, it's a lot of stuff, local impact anywhere in the state. These are all recent things. So AF Inland Empire host professional development presentation on community engagement strategy. Strategies, so it's constantly being updated. Clients, Colton, our city of Rialto, San Marino County and Cal Portland. I don't know like formidable or what you guys did,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:49  
um, I mean, I think that looks good.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:59  
Resume looks profound, everything like that.

Speaker 2  1:23:07  
Okay, media coverage, media outlets, locally, regionally, nationally and internationally. Oh, man. Um.

Speaker 3  1:23:23  
Okay, yeah, so, let me see if there we have the revenue breakdown, the business model,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:39  
Cheryl Brown. Cheryl Brown?

Speaker 2  1:23:47  
This must be his sister, his wife, Kathleen. Kathleen Damara, cross Culture Communication Specialist, social media I mean, it looked like he connected to some some peoples.

Speaker 3  1:24:09  
Yeah, we'll see, um, he probably is, but I think I'll do some digging to figure out, like, some of the investment stuff that he's into. So I can see, like, what type of number we should throw out there. But I think usually, usually I would say we should do, make the money match what we needed to do, like, what we need to get by, right? And it seems like one of the, I think, if you could come up with, like, with the amount of money you would need, we would need to keep going, or to, like, jump, kick stuff off, like, say, like, what would, what would we actually need to make everything work until we can get solid revenue going? I'll do more projections, because I think the projections I did was just with infrastructure and not covering like marketing and paid ads and things like that. So okay, let me go and because it's almost time to feed her again, and before that happens, I want to try to knock out the rest of the pitch deck so that I could get it done by tonight. All right, but if I have any other questions, I'll definitely hit up the chat. Oh, the last thing I would say is, Richard, when you're talking to the different stakeholders, I think we need to figure out the best way to communicate with them to keep them in the loop. It might be just email. I don't know how many of them would be down for like, a group chat, yeah? Group chat so that just when you're reaching out, try to keep it to emails, unless they ask for that,

Speaker 2  1:26:41  
yeah, so as far as Carly go, that's the only reason I didn't invite ref to the conversation, because me and her have more of a personal relationship, and then already got the consent to go back and forth. You guys, of course, like quick text message is really nothing, but

Unknown Speaker  1:27:04  
yeah, I'm just saying yeah, or I've

Unknown Speaker  1:27:13  
already got that approval. Okay? Makes sense via phone. Yeah? Okay, like

Speaker 2  1:27:28  
most of our, most of our conversation over over, either in person or what's it called? I

Speaker 2  1:27:45  
you know, he okay so, and then my boss accepted, he accepted my invite to communicate

Unknown Speaker  1:27:57  
on what I think that's fine. That's not a big deal.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:08  
And he's so big off of AI. Look at this. It hurts me out that he uses AI so much, but didn't want to fuck me. I

Speaker 3  1:28:41  
me, you? Color. Okay, I'm gonna have to have to go because she is, she's hungry. But no, I'm gonna knock out this pitch deck, and I'll send some samples over once I'm done.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:05  
All right. Well, all right. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
