Speaker 1  0:00  
Ask you the reputation San Bernardino, they say, I'll say the same thing. Good luck.

Speaker 2  0:07  
Well, I'm from San Bernardino, born and raised my intention. I've been working within the community since I was about 13. I love the impact that I've had, and I want to continue to make that impact with the work that I'm doing.

Speaker 1  0:25  
But you notice, success has 1000 friends, but failure has but one. But since it's successful, everybody's out there claiming credit for it,

Unknown Speaker  0:36  
because they're claiming credit for it. That drives now we're driving the perception rate up before everything everybody,

Speaker 1  0:45  
everything everybody did was complain about how bad it was, which drove the perception rate down. Gotta change the frame. That's what that's what we have the ability to do. That's what we do. There's a team of 15 professionals who work with us, including including two PhDs. We also spend time in investor relations that is presenting companies in an IPO where they launch and they get funded, putting them on the stock exchange, etc, etc. And when you're ready to do do that, I have a group of people hand you off to who can take care of all that and

Unknown Speaker  1:30  
walk you through that. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:33  
If that's the direction you want to take,

Speaker 2  1:36  
thank you. The support would definitely be appreciated. And we can get started with the pitch. Now that Valerie is here, I know Valerie is going to be handling the presentation slides.

Unknown Speaker  1:50  
Wonderful, my dear, note takers on is that fine with everyone?

Unknown Speaker  1:57  
Yes, that's fine. Good

Unknown Speaker  1:59  
morning, Valerie. It's a pleasure to meet you.

me  2:01  
Good morning. It's nice to meet you as well. You say that now

Unknown Speaker  2:08  
I couldn't resist them. No, no, it's good. I like to tell jokes.

me  2:16  
I like that. We have to have fun and be able to talk business. If you just talk business, and there's no fun. It's really boring. No one wants to do that. So Amen, sister,

Speaker 1  2:25  
does anybody have any more questions about me before we start? I've been doing this. My degree is in communications from Cal Poly Pomona, where I also study mechanical engineering. That's chemistry and physics, biology, minors in Economics, Psychology, oceanographic engineering, chemistry and math and hotel restaurant

me  3:03  
management, that's what the campus is known for. They have really good food. There's

Unknown Speaker  3:22  
such is the Kellogg Foundation.

Unknown Speaker  3:37  
All right, so

Unknown Speaker  3:40  
any other questions,

Speaker 2  3:44  
not for me in particular. Okay,

Speaker 3  3:47  
not at this moment. I do have another appointment at 1110, or so, 1120, so I may have

Unknown Speaker  3:55  
to have a hard stop at 11, as do I? Okay? Great. All right.

Speaker 2  4:05  
So Carl, I want to thank you for the opportunity to allow us to present to you the stuff that we've been working on. Scribe solutions. I'm the founder and CEO of Scratch solutions, and been working within the nonprofit build for about six years now, and with that knowledge, I've been able to, with my team, build something that will help us with help nonprofits serve their purpose in serving their people in the community. Before we get into that, I like my team to actually officially introduce themselves and the work that they've been doing with scribe, start with Valerie.

me  4:44  
Good morning. Well, yes, I'm Valerie. I've been working in tech for over 10 years, building secure, scalable and accessible applications, and I've also spent the last eight years building out a nonprofit myself. And throughout the work that I'm doing in my professional and in the nonprofit space, I see all the gaps that Richard has brought up, and we're solving it here with scribe to make it easier for people, to help people.

Speaker 3  5:14  
Yes, my name is the morning, last name Washington. I am serving as more director of admin right now with scribe solutions. I have been in the space in the industry for six years as well, and I am more so on the autism and at risk teen youth side. So I've been a service coordinator, I've been an instructor, and I thought the idea was really great when Richard reached out to me. So I'm interested in just organizing everything that we need to really get it to the people that we want, because I really enjoy the person centered work, as well as the efficiency, especially with everything coming out today, it's really nice to see something that's being worked on and so specific to some of those needs. Wonderful.

Speaker 2  6:07  
All right, so now that my team has been introduced, girl got a question for you, yes. Have you ever been in a meeting and talked about all the important next steps, procedures, maybe even policies, things that the next things that need to happen. And someone missed that meeting, whether they were out sick or they just couldn't make it into work, and now, since they were outside of that meeting, they don't have the information that they need to continue to do what needs to be done?

Speaker 1  6:45  
Yes, and that's why I have these automatic notations.

Speaker 2  6:51  
Will scribe solves that problem as well, right? Gosh, this is a first song fish, and it's really kind of blowing my mind.

me  7:06  
Yeah, Scribe is a really great solution for this, because not only can we transcribe and sit in meetings with you, but there's we take things to the next level. So we're able to take the information from the meetings and be able to synthesize it and fill out forms for you. So if you have to do intake with clients like you do with your own business, being able to figure out what are their needs, what are their problems, you have common questions that you tend to ask, and if you are able to record the meetings, using the same process that you do with the meeting notes, scribe will be able to then process that information, synthesize it and give you a really good take home breakdown of that conversation, making sure that it's grabbing the data that's important to you, and not just the whole summary of the conversation so you can use that other places.

Unknown Speaker  8:05  
Thank you. Valerie, yeah.

Speaker 2  8:09  
Can we proceed to the next slide? Sure. So currently, case managers and nonprofits spend about 10 to 30 minutes documenting after every phone call or interaction. That's 10 to 30 minutes of time each day that can be spent actually providing a service with scribe solutions that conversation or interaction, as Valerie explained, automatically gets captured and that data that needs to be pulled, the key data points are pulled and sorted For reports compliance and whatever that industry or business I

Speaker 2  9:00  
am again, just keep going. Can we go to the next slide? Yes. Okay, so what, what scribe, the work that scribe does, and how it does it is it takes. It works with VoIP calling, smart documentation, follow ups and task reminders. So with the reporting and compliance, the way that the calls are taking in the information, it'll use these forms or we use Valerie, you're gonna have to take over.

me  9:48  
No, you got it. You did a great job. This is a great way to pass it off to me. So scribe will go through and they will take the transcript that we created of the call, and it will automatically based off the information you put in the system about the grants, the programs, and just what's important to you about reporting, whether it is Impact Reporting that you're doing to different funders, or it's really important for you to know your customers, understand what their pain points Are, even the little important themes, the small talk, talking about the kids baseball games or sports or dance or things like that. All of that can be documented and synthesized for you to quickly review. And the system will automatically create follow up tasks. It will be able to take that information and reuse it to create reports, and whether it's for compliance or, like I said before, for funding. And the thing that we are very excited about and exploring next for the platform is our No One Left Behind functionality. We want to make sure that we see a lot of redundancy in companies, whether they're nonprofits or not, where people just don't know what the latest process. They don't know the latest status update. They everyone is constantly searching for what is the right answer for right now, and it typically takes three to four different points of contact before the person could get the answer that they're looking for. So with our No One Left Behind functionality, we will be able to make our system your platform, your organization's source of truth. And through there you'll be you'll be able to talk to the system and ask, Hey, what was the latest policy requirement for the new program that we're running? And it would be able to quickly synthesize what was the latest update, whether that those details came from email. Meetings are just side chats, so our system is positioned to become a system that is going to allow not only nonprofits the ability to scale, but other organizations at whole, as a whole. And Richard can talk a little bit more about some of the partnerships that we have already started to make with our system, starting with Carly.

Speaker 2  12:28  
So Carly is the director of reentry services under Family Assistance, one of the biggest nonprofits in California, in San Bernardino County, within organizational budget, over $30,000,000.14 different what we come across where what we promised come across as we're sitting bogged down with so much data that people are walking in through the doors and I'm having to get up and say, I got To enter more data. That was a quote from Carly while we were she gave when we had gave our pitch with her. And that's something that I personally understand with my lived experience as a case manager, constantly having people come in needing a service that's probably dire, but you still, in order to continue to keep your job, to provide these services, you have to make sure that you're documenting and maintaining that that part part of your job. So that's some things that seem not as important, like the work, like the work of repeated documenting the repeat itself, rather than actually providing a service or getting someone connected to a service or resource that they need. That's something that happens in plenty of industries, actually nonprofit profit sector or service providing sector sectors, we're working on starting a pilot with family assistance where they're going to offer resource navigation in order to onboard clients, test the software and offer resources through do their resource navigation and run their programs through the platform. Currently we're working out with those MOUs would look like those contracts and allotting different time for over oversight and managing that project as it goes along.

me  14:38  
Great. And I think one of the things to point out with that pilot that showed us that we have the product market fit early is that Carly has been really excited and has been a champion for us throughout this throughout this process, because of what we're able to do, we can literally turn one conversation and to multiple different outputs to simplify the workflow for our end users. And so while we're starting with nonprofits, we are truly trying to we are truly building this application to work for multiple different industries. We already have some people who have shown early interest from healthcare, legal and government sectors. So we are focusing on trying on getting this right for the nonprofit space, because it will require us to have the security compliance, as well as HIPAA compliance, done up front in order to show that we are a system that is serious and available for these nonprofits to work with, and that will give us enough credibility to start to expand into these other industries that are already asking us to see how we can get set up for them and to start pilots for them. So this is again, starting in the nonprofit space, but we have the ability to expand excellent and so we're really focused right now on trying to get those next pilots and possibly get them to expand into different industries. We're really excited to be able to chat with you today. We really are excited about what introductions you can help us build and bring to what we've already built. And we would love to see what visibility can where visibility can take us.

Unknown Speaker  16:43  
Great. Thank you, Valerie,

Speaker 1  16:47  
yeah, one of the things you told, excuse me, I've got reoccurring hiccups, so it's gonna happen. I'm okay. I'm not gonna die. Let's go back to the slide where you have test market. So tell me, where have you where we place this system, and how is it working there

me  17:13  
right now, we're fully embedded in the nonprofit space. We with the what is it? New Hope,

Speaker 2  17:22  
operation, new and Family Assistance. So we currently, we haven't used the software in that space as of yet, but we are, we are collaborating to come up with the best ways to fit the software in their ongoing programs. As of now, we met with Russell, the CEO of Operation New Hope, and are setting up our meetings with the program the program managers next week so we can start like I said, breaking down the oversight of the what our requirements are for testing the software, something like going to one or two community engagements, engagement events a week to get people to be onboarded onto the software without having to use current data that's already in their operational system that they have now. So as of now, we don't have the software being tested, being currently tested, but we're steps away from it.

me  18:29  
Yeah, we got them aligned and ready for the pilot. It's just, I think we have a meeting that we need to schedule to say who's gonna take on what role to be able to get people onboarded to the what the site, and make sure the contracts are signed and everything's aligned there.

Speaker 4  18:47  
You have an attorney. No, we do not. We gotta have an attorney.

me  18:52  
Yes, I think the when we start looking at the contracts we were going to I found this like legal website that does consulting on a legal

Unknown Speaker  19:04  
website, you are an attorney. Attorney,

Unknown Speaker  19:07  
I will refer you three. Okay, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  19:11  
My attorney is Bill lemon with lemon, Schaefer and Dominic. They're also

Speaker 1  19:20  
Jack Clark, Jr, is worth a great firm over Riverside, there's best, best in Krieger, okay, I remember, never signed a contract without your attorney looking

Unknown Speaker  19:32  
at Yes, because

Speaker 1  19:38  
when you go to it, when you have A problem, it's too late. You're locked into that problem. Into that problem. How you got to spend 1000s of dollars trying to unwind something that you shouldn't have wound into the first place? If you don't have the money to have an attorney, look at it. You don't have you can't afford to sign that contract. Ask me how I know? How do you know? First mistake cost me six grand. Second mistake, I thought I was making money three months into a 12 month program, I found out I'm paying them two grand a month to do the job.

Unknown Speaker  20:20  
Understand, yes,

Speaker 1  20:23  
okay, plus you have little things like who owns what, and when you don't go and look at it, you might find you're doing a test market, and when you're done, they own all the data, not you. So now, now the test market is useless because you don't have the data. Yes, okay, so you under so attorney is critical. Unless you have somebody on your team as attorney, you go get an attorney, and you want to, you want to. You want an attorney. You don't want bubba? You want somebody who scares other people when they get a letter from that firm that they will leave you the F alone? Yes, sir, that's why I have the attorneys. I have the letter will make them go away, plus they tell you they have the ability to tell you when it's time to fight and when it's time to run, when it's time to walk away, and It's when it's time to run.

Unknown Speaker  21:35  
So that's essential. You

me  21:43  
you have a CPA firm? No, we, I do have a friend who has been helping guide us with this, but no one official.

Speaker 1  21:56  
Okay, I'm gonna send you recommendation for CPA firm too. Okay, I use Rogers Anderson Malady and Scott, okay. There are three big firms here in the IE that governments use and everybody uses. And when you when they say, who's your CPA, if you say, what are those names, you set up an audited financial from mother, and they're going to dig it and dig into it, and one from reading Hilliard from Rogers Anderson. No, it is God. They just put it inside. They don't even look at it. And that's what you need. You can't afford to have your documents dissect, yes, because you're black, yes, and yes, these are white firms, but they also

Unknown Speaker  22:51  
understand that's good to know. And

Unknown Speaker  22:55  
again, you don't put them on retainer. You pay.

Unknown Speaker  22:58  
You just pay per hour for their services. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  23:03  
and you put in your deck who they are, because it gives you credibility.

Unknown Speaker  23:11  
Carl, I'd like to ask, How much time do you have?

Unknown Speaker  23:14  
I have? I have till 11 for you.

Speaker 2  23:20  
At some point, I would like, yeah, just have a talk with me and you, maybe

Unknown Speaker  23:27  
before the meeting ends,

Speaker 2  23:31  
just so I can go over a couple of questions that I have moving forward, absolutely,

Speaker 1  23:38  
absolutely, okay, one of the things you have to do is you have to talk, develop a script, a conversation about where you are in your test market phase, because it's got to come out smooth, understood. And whenever you have a presentation to give, you want to go over it at least 10 times before you do the presentation. And you see in the movies, you see people practicing in the mirror, or if you got a camera on your computer, record yourself practicing and watch it, present it. Watch it present it. Watch it do that 10 times. After the 10 times you'll you'll be great. Thank you. That's essential. As you're starting this.

Speaker 2  24:34  
Is there anything else that either you Demone de Mornay or Valerie would like to

Speaker 3  24:45  
add, not necessarily, I think you bring up a lot of good bottleneck issues that we have going on, but we are Very passionate in being able to kind of have this be all in one and that's kind of where the value really is, even for me, I really appreciate the time that we have a lot of people in mind just for getting our getting our site from point A to point B. And that's kind of where most nonprofit people are also at, is getting their pain points from A to B themselves. So it's been really nice to just debrief and give us some of those pointers where we will be very much in the process of acquiring most of what we need and being able to scale out a little bit. If we do have any follow up questions, I guess I'll go ahead and connect with Richard, but right now, it was just nice to be able to get to know each other a little bit.

Speaker 1  25:59  
I'm available. I'm available to help. I've been doing very long time. Yeah, here in the Inland Empire, I know where the bodies are buried. I put a few in the ground myself, so I can help you guys move forward. I'm available. I see girl helping you guys grow and in the future, being your your marketing arm. I also want to say, once you get through your first but your first test, I'd like to take you over to the Salvation Army and have you work with them, because having the Salvation Army game as a client, they were constantly ranked as number one, two or three, and best known companies in the World. So So when it comes to bona fides, where have you tried this out? Salvation Army? Oh, gives you instant credibility. I've been on the board for 2025, years over there. So, so I have

Unknown Speaker  27:23  
I believe that we can, if they find it mutually beneficial to be able to

Speaker 1  27:30  
reduce all of that paperwork absolutely and have it automated. They would love that, because they contact and they work with the homeless some some days they go through 100 context. Being able to automate that would be huge for them. Absolutely huge. So, absolutely amazing. So that's what I see in your future.

me  28:01  
Okay, that sounds amazing. I had one question. How did you feel about the clarity of how we deliver the features and what the application actually does? That's something Yeah, it was money muddy.

Speaker 1  28:19  
Okay, it was General. A lot of generals, generals, not specifics.

me  28:24  
Okay, so a detailed example to walk through in the slides would probably make it clear of how it works, screenshots and things of that matter.

Speaker 1  28:35  
123, got it. I mean, you meet your person comes in, you start to take the data, how it works, where it comes in, how it populates out of that. And remember,

Unknown Speaker  28:49  
you don't want this pain, painstaking detail, a 30,000 foot overview, but you need to

Speaker 4  28:57  
make it make sense. Okay, sounds good. We'll make those improvements.

Unknown Speaker  29:02  
It's kind of black box right now. Okay, okay, and remember, when you're talking about your automation,

Unknown Speaker  29:18  
the note taking, software that I'm using now, there's a lot of the things that you guys are doing,

Speaker 1  29:25  
so you may want to use that as an example, so that they can something they can relate to. But rather than just taking the notes, doing anything with it, now it takes that information and it populates your reports. Do I understand that properly?

Unknown Speaker  29:48  
Yes, but

Unknown Speaker  29:54  
show and tell you always give me the example. This is like this. It's like butter, baby. Like money.

Speaker 2  30:03  
Well, if the rest of my team has gotten their questions answered and said what they needed to say, I just want to say thank you, and I appreciate you guys for making this that much easier for me, because it was, yeah, it was muddy, but we're growing along the process, and I just appreciate your guys dedication to this.

Speaker 1  30:25  
I will always tell you truth. I'll always tell you exactly what I think. I'll usually do it gently. If I'm doing it roughly, it's because I want to shake you up and make sure you hurt okay, but the goal is to win Absolutely, take your your test product and bring it out to be a marketable product that makes money. And remember, there are 100 other companies out there doing the same thing right now.

Unknown Speaker  30:53  
So time is of the essence.

me  30:58  
Yes, well, thank you so much for your time. This has been a really great to practice and get feedback that is very actionable. I appreciate it.

Speaker 1  31:07  
You're very welcome, and thank you for saying it's actionable. I appreciate that. That's my

Unknown Speaker  31:12  
goal. Thank you.

Speaker 3  31:15  
Thank you. Thank you so much. It's nice to meet another San Bernardino native. I'm in the Bay Area, but I am from San Bernardino, so I'll be making my ways away over there.

Speaker 1  31:27  
I'm not a native. I grew up in East St Louis, Illinois. I moved out here in 73 Rubino High School, then Cal Poly, Pomona. I moved to San Bernardino in 1992

Speaker 3  31:41  
I thought you had an accent that's very interesting. Okay, the South. I love the South.

Speaker 2  31:49  
Okay, guys, thank you very much. I'm gonna take the little bit time we have left and break a couple other things down with coral and be reaching out.

Speaker 3  32:00  
Thank you very much. Thank you. Have a great day. We'll be in touch. Yes, bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
