Speaker 1  0:00  
What you plan to do, actually what you plan to do different but others is no different than

Speaker 1  0:20  
what you want to change. The job because again. Some people

Speaker 1  0:55  
don't know how. People don't know how to read the video there

Speaker 1  1:22  
was a healthy. He was a healthy. They're not doing it now, but he did a lot of good as well. But the way we do it kind of like Adobe. We have to make content which

Unknown Speaker  2:00  
free trial offering colleges

Speaker 1  2:20  
conversation, it will be this role that's paying for the program, for all the kids that are enrolled in your program. So we don't have to worry about paying for a subscription. If the school is going to come out of pocket and say, Here's the money for the program, is like, they're going to be jail.

Speaker 2  2:57  
Is so I think an example of what you guys are talking about, and you can, like, look up is there were these boot camps that popped up that taught you how to code, and they did it at a discount rate, but then they took a percentage of your first year's salary. Yeah, and so. And it just happened. Like it wasn't all at once. It was like, for the first year of your salary, as long as you made over X amount of money, they took that from you. And I think there is a cut, like they had these rules where if you didn't make over X amount of money, they wouldn't take money from you, because their guarantee was like, you'll make close to six figures if you finish this boot camp. And anyone who didn't, they didn't take money from them. So I think the way that you do, you could do it is in the workshop. You're supposed to give them the skills that they need and the tools, whatever tools that you give give them access to, or you teach them how to use you then, then you would say, if you are successful, and you make over X amount of money at that point, within a timeframe of taking this course, then you would they would get X amount of money back. I You guys would get X amount of money back. But I honestly think the scale, if you could scale this to send it to schools, I think you could make more money by just marketing this as a learning platform where you teach marketing skills to students, and it could be how to market yourself as an influencer, how to market products or services are if You start a business, what does marketing look like? So if you create a curriculum and pitch it to schools, if you pitch it to county services, you can get larger checks that way. Because I know a friend who was working with like the New York school like school district and he built a platform about learning how to code. And this, he was able to charge the schools like 50k which is a bigger payoff than if you were going to try to get the money from influencers right. So the more

Speaker 1  5:41  
recurring, because people, I feel like that would also be an appealing to other kids. At the end of the day, we're trying

Unknown Speaker  5:50  
to offer them a service so that they can learn something. I can bring in entrepreneurship, self

Speaker 2  5:59  
employment, yeah, and that's how you can there's different. So what you will want to look up is to see there are usually different laws that come into place where schools are required to, like, teach tech skills, like, be tech savvy. That means they either have to learn how to code. How do you see different? Yeah. And then there's also stuff about like music and arts. So you need to find a law, a prop that was recently passed, that puts

Unknown Speaker  6:30  
something for us already, if you guys, but it's something that we can Sue for within the next. Months, for underserved populations the

Unknown Speaker  7:00  
serve populations.

Speaker 3  7:06  
Think from you, so I can have a little bit of backing and credibility from who from you.

Speaker 2  7:13  
Oh, oh, I never sent over that letter, huh?

Speaker 3  7:18  
So yeah, and then I can go to these libraries, because the grant is based upon creating relationships with the libraries that offer services to the community, that help teach digital literacy, that is everything we're talking about right now. And if we incorporate these classes or they wouldn't even need to be a it wouldn't be if we have to figure it out. We're talking about teaching classes about using software make money. So we already, it's already aligned in the scope of the mission for that grant. We just have to create the partnerships and the curriculum, and then also maybe even find working a space. Now, if we have a space, so much more can happen. We can immediately, with the software that we have, we can immediately apply for grants, create a curriculum, and probably really get in there, especially if we have fiscal sponsors like family assistance or operational Yeah.

Speaker 2  8:28  
Richard, I think these are great ideas, but I think we need to focus, okay, I think we can talk about expanding and opening up an office, but I think first we need to get messaging, the features and all of that down, and then we can talk about what, what the, what we would need to do to build this out, because I keep forgetting. I'm so used to working with tech people that nonprofit people want to meet in person. So yeah,

Speaker 3  9:13  
when I was saying having, having a space, I truly get that. And that's 678, months, or whenever we start getting sustainable, sustainable revenue. Then that's that's something that can be brought up, or we can start looking into it. But when I was bringing up Operation New Hope as operational hope and Family Assistance as a fiscal sponsor, that probably can happen sooner than later for this la ta grant, and they would provide the space. Yeah, so if we needed a place to hold these classes, they have the buildings. And that's we're already creating a relationship. And we're also

Speaker 2  9:55  
yes, yeah. So can I throw something else at you? So what I did for the TVC, because we would teach classes and run events and workshops in person. I wanted to make relationships with different tech companies, and so any tech company I wanted to work with are like for myself, work at I would try to get them to host an event. So say, we want to work with XYZ nonprofit that has a space. Our first way in is to get them to host a workshop with us, and then we can pitch scribe that way, because we've already built the relation. Okay?

Speaker 3  10:35  
And I have the Inland Regional reentry coalition. They're looking for ways to get more involved, but they don't have their 501 c3, status. They're still working on that, but they have the network. So that's just throwing it out there. We have an opportunity to create those conferences or workshops with the individuals that are there, within that within that room? Yeah, I keep saying Family Assistance and onage, because they're going to sway a lot of people. They're going to sway a lot of people. At the end of the day, that's just what's going to happen.

Speaker 2  11:17  
I think that that makes sense, but I think in order to be ready for those conversations, I think we need to polish our demo and our pitch and like how we go into to run demos, like from our intro to actually walking through the site. I wanted to see how you demo and talk about things before I gave any like feedback, you did a really good job. Like, there's, there's very little things that I I would very few suggestions I have to make it look more polished, because I want to, I want them to walk out of the meeting feeling like we are a enterprise application. That that's been built and there's no questions asked about, are they don't have any questions about, is this secure? Is this Yeah, yeah. So I think we should definitely take a break to do lunch and all that stuff, and then come back and just talk about, how do we build out that pitch deck? Or you have the pitch deck, right? You have one that Do you mind resending that in the group chat with all of us? And then I, I guess my question is, would you want the other guy to work on the the the client deck, or do you want us to work on it? I just know what the turnaround with the 30th being the day you want to talk to that other guy? I was just gonna, just gonna do it so that it's, it's there. But if you want the other guy to work on it, that's an option too.

Speaker 3  13:13  
Well, that's and that's the thing. So that's why I wanted to bring up with Alejandro. I don't have any funds as far as getting anything done for the business.

Speaker 2  13:22  
Oh, then let's just say we'll do it ourselves. If there's no money set aside for it, then we'll do it ourselves and kind of just go, go from there.

Unknown Speaker  13:37  
I did people, my uncle and supposed to be getting that

Speaker 3  13:44  
money by the first actually, what I have since long I let them know about the Carl gamma run. I'm letting go. I'm gonna let I'm gonna let you guys go with the test bases on that, because I gotta pee so bad. Okay, all right, bye, guys, bye. You guys have a good one. You

Speaker 4  15:36  
small a mission to live my life holistically and bring back all the joy, all the fun, everything back to my life is going to be sick. So I'm going to share with you my top ways on how I'm doing that and how you can do it in your life too. First things, first matching sleek sets and pajamas. They are an absolute game changer. I don't care what you say, 10 times better than some boy shorts and a T shirt. Next is to actually start shopping at vintage shopping.

Speaker 5  16:40  
Be a little weird, but to be yourself. But you got this. I'm gonna see this because I don't think anyone else is to be whimsical.

Speaker 4  16:49  
This is my list of whimsical New Year's resolutions for 2026 because I'm tired of doing the same thing, I'm beginning to work out it's not happening. Whimsical resolution number one, work through an entire cookbook, front to back. If you have any cookbook recommendations, you let me know two. Have at least two sleepovers this year. I can't remember the last time I had a sleepover, except for with my fiance, which that doesn't really count, because we live together. Watch every Billy Crystal or Robin Williams movie. I can't decide between Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. Robin Williams is a little bit more ambitious. He's been in about 70 movies, according movies. According to my Google search. At first I was going to do Nicolas Cage, but he has been in a whopping 121 movies. I'm trying to set attainable goals this year. I don't know why those three actors in particular, they just spoke to me, I guess send birthday cards. I would like to go to the post office and send birthday cards to my loved ones this year. And then number five is find the best canal la vodka in Los Angeles. I'm trying to, like, invest my time in new research. You know, this is my list of whimsical New Year's resolutions for 2026

Speaker 6  18:02  
you here when you

Speaker 7  18:13  
hurt me, why would you leave some shoes here when you hurt me? Why would you leave some shoes here When you hurt me? Why? Why the

Speaker 8  18:56  
iconic in America shouldn't be a thing, but if the city is bent on capitalism, then you have they need homeless people there as an example of what happened if you don't play now, we

Speaker 9  19:09  
forgot what we were, right, just with that two generations, we talking about my grandparents and my parents, even me, I'm born In 70s.

Speaker 2  20:40  
Oh, one thing I forgot to add in the doc is all the doc, the essays and articles and themes that I can start posting about to build momentum around this topic, so I'm seen as a thought leader in the whimsical space. These could be articles that I write or videos that I post to help support and push people to the app. So can you create another document that details the research and things that we're finding different trends, why they're happening, and create a document that has all of the different ways that I can create media, from articles to posts on Tiktok, Instagram, Twitter, blue sky, YouTube, things like DIY, videos that I can make to help people be more whimsical and so I can start to use that that document to track the content that I'm generating.

Unknown Speaker  22:16  
Hello, hey, Mama. Today,

Speaker 2  22:41  
week because I got to sleep in this morning because Melvin was with the baby before he left for to take his mom to an appointment. And I thought, okay, I don't have to cook breakfast for all of us. He was leaving early. All I have to do is cook breakfast for myself. So I'm gonna sleep in for a bit and then wake up and make something that could last me until like dinner time, that I could just pick off of. But I can't cook anything if there's no water, so I should have just got

Unknown Speaker  23:18  
up the water go out. Was it?

Speaker 2  23:21  
Was it planned. When did it go out? They said that they had to shut off the water to fix an emergency leak leak. And they, I looked, they sent the email about this around like nine o'clock so and I went to turn on the water. I'm like, why isn't the water turning on? Well, check my email and they're saying they should shut the water off. And for how long they didn't say

Speaker 10  23:54  
he's still out now, yeah, oh my god, you

Speaker 10  24:05  
I'm telling you, that's something. What could go wrong next? I don't know. I mean, honestly, that is just too much. Well, Frida had a flood, and so now your water is off. She Frida had too much water flowing, and you had no no water flowing.

Unknown Speaker  24:29  
That's really just too much. I guess I'll stop complaining, because at least I can turn on the water, flush the toilet. Oh, my God, you can't flush the toilet. No.

Unknown Speaker  24:52  
Dawned on me what it means.

Speaker 2  24:56  
And usually, you know, I'm up early. I Hmm,

Speaker 10  25:04  
wow. Oh, I don't know what to say, Thank God you have bottled water because of purification system in your house when you're drinking water from the faucet is handy, but it needs water, I mean, just on and no water to come through that that doesn't help. So thank God you can still make the baby bottle, because you would have to get up and leave the house because she would give you Heck

Speaker 2  25:42  
yeah, but the thing, yeah, but I would have to go out to like Janice or beverly's house at this point. Beverly would be the closest to me, because Melvin is at use at the UCLA hospital today,

Speaker 10  26:03  
oh my and Beverly would be just and Janice would too. Janice is holding out by herself. So honey, she they'd have both been ecstatic.

Speaker 10  26:27  
What Today is Tuesday two. Vita could be at home too, but I'd be terrified to go inside of VITAS. Ain't nobody been inside forever. I went in through the garage door to help her set up something on her computer. The last time I was there and I was looking around and and.my head and turning it honey, I didn't know what would jump out. Why it's just said, nobody goes to her house. She does. She's the last time I remember being in Frida was a baby,

Unknown Speaker  27:09  
and she felt like she busted. Yeah, she busted.

Speaker 10  27:13  
Now, anybody was in her house?

Unknown Speaker  27:16  
Ethel was there?

Speaker 10  27:19  
Was she? Yeah? Oh, my God, Elsa was alive. Dan, yeah, you want,

me  27:29  
you want me to FaceTime you so you can see the baby. Oh, dang it, she spit up before I thought like, Oh, let me grab her real quick before she spits up, but I was too late. No, it's in the bed. She's in my bed. Oh,

Speaker 2  27:56  
well, I washed this sheet. Anyways, you can't wash you don't have no water. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  28:06  
you don't do what with your bottled water?

Speaker 2  28:10  
You know what I would I just said to myself, You know what I could live here for a couple more months. I just said it this morning, because I'm just like, it seems like the housing market is really crashing, because I'm seeing houses that are nice, houses that are 600k like, in that range. Um, that like the one I showed you. Oh, disability sent my well, they they're processing my money.

Unknown Speaker  28:51  
So it ain't just $200

Speaker 2  28:53  
No, they did the full payment. But for some reason, it was only saying 200 I sent a message yesterday, and I was ready to get the state assembly member involved, because I'm just like, but then I got a message at like 4am this morning saying that they processed the other payments. So I think they either did it because I sent a message, or it was just taking some time to go through,

Speaker 10  29:28  
no telling what that 200 represented. It was just your last month, or something that they shorted you, or something, yeah, something.

Unknown Speaker  29:37  
It was just the last month that they sent the money. But what was I going to tell you? I sent you your money?

Speaker 10  29:49  
Oh, did you Yeah, honey. I don't even know where my cell phone is. I'm looking out over. It must be in my purse. Let me see. So I ain't heard no pings and nothing. You know what Olivia have been in the second half the routine is a little bit different. So I'm up now before eight o'clock, because if I don't fix her breakfast before eight o'clock. Usually she gets off the first class in the morning do her work. And now she's had to switch. She does the work at night, and because she wants it done, to have the rest of her day. And so what she did, what she end up doing, is getting on now. She gets on the eight o'clock, and right after the eight o'clock, she has 30 minutes, and then she goes right into classes and how they don't give her a break. She has one behind the other, without breaks for lunch or anything else, and she gets off about one, something from eight o'clock in the morning. And so I have to get her have her breakfast ready soon as she gets off it at nine, because she has half an hour to to eat and do whatever she needs to do, and then get right back on. And then she'll show you if she I think she might be in the last class for now, right now. And so hang up. And then give me about 10 minutes and let me go up and look for my phone in my room. Because, you know, I started turning on the heater just to heat up at night, and that works while in the last half an hour before our hour, while I'm getting the house all clean back up for the next day and taking the dog out for the last time and stuff, I turn the heater on, and then when we get ready to go to bed, I turn it off, and that last Enough with the heat to to not have my feet messing with me and my hands messing with me, and we're able to get to sleep. And then if we get to sleep, then we nine times out of 10, unless something wakes us up, good to go. But for me, I have the other obstacle of people smoking in the middle of the night or whatever. I have no idea,

Speaker 10  32:50  
and I wake up every morning, sometimes not so bad, because they, you know, stop after after a little bit of time or whatever. But this congestion, I don't want to get this started again. I had not had none of this stuff. Camilla looks like a jackal, like something

Unknown Speaker  33:18  
evil. I don't know who Camilla is.

Speaker 10  33:21  
Camilla, Parker Bowles, the love interest of Charles and Diana that Charles always liked, but she wasn't any royalty, so they didn't let her marry him, and they end up driving for Diana crazy and and then they didn't want her dead, I'm sure. But you know, everything that goes wrong and that goes right back to that is she can never outlive it. Now, but anyway, the way she smiles, and I always was kind of disturbed by even Diana, how she looked under all the time. I'm like, Why does she keep her head down and look up all the time. You know, bashful beyond a fault. And I think that's why I heard her and Michael Jackson kind of bonded, because they both had that. And Prince, honestly, too. Prince, all of them did that crazy looking stuff, but anyway, let me go get my my phone, and just give me five minutes to get up to stay. Well, you give me five minutes to get up, then back. Okay, Sonia is going to call me and say she's going back. And she took an extra day, so she took three days to kind of get the medicine back in her system. But I told her, before she leave for work every day, take her medicine. So she's going back today. Look like, yeah. So anyway, anyway, and fried is back at school. She said she's getting close to her degree. So, you know, if she just don't, don't do anything to have to drop out, you know, let a fast food job. I mean, I get she's, she wants to be independent, but if she just give it a little bit of time and stay in that dorm, because she's got a dorm back to so when she's too tired to go

Unknown Speaker  35:49  
back, I thought she just got a apartment,

Unknown Speaker  35:55  
she did, but she sometimes don't get back home for days.

Speaker 2  36:02  
So dorms aren't free. That might she has to pay for that. It's coming out of her like either the grass by the loans she

Unknown Speaker  36:13  
couldn't see, no way to get back and forth. You know,

Unknown Speaker  36:20  
then she doesn't need an apartment.

Speaker 10  36:24  
Well, you know what? I stay out of people's big, grown people's business because her mother told her don't do it,

Unknown Speaker  36:36  
because that means whatever

Speaker 10  36:39  
she she had gotten added Sonia and did this.

Unknown Speaker  36:43  
She probably just wanted to.

Speaker 10  36:46  
Now she's in it, and she don't want to. She don't want to because she don't want to have an eviction on her. So she's got to wait, and she got to wait. And then Sonia said, If he really just don't want to live at home. Then what she's going to because now, but she's got this guy with her. So, you know, they've done, they've done grown up decisions, both of them to despite their parents word that they're not ready to get their own place, and so now they're trying to, on top of that, get money together and get them a transportation car, and she don't get what's all going to be involved in having a vehicle, The insurance. You gotta have insurance. You got to, you gotta, you gotta get repairs on a jalopy, because how good is the car going to be? You know, you can't just jump out there and don't know what you're doing, because she, that's how she's in this dilapidated apartment on a floor that hardly Ain't nobody else on you know, the whole water high water tank corroded so bad until it went through several floors, and Frida said it's a strange smell. I said you're probably smelling mold, and you don't need to be in there.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
