me  0:00  
Need none of that. Like, okay, what do you think we need to be professional? And I'll let you know. Website, okay, I can, I can do a new website by the end of this call and launch it.

Speaker 1  0:22  
Oh, no, that's been the hardest thing for me to do. Is I need you like I need you to be oh, wait, no, no, no, no. I keep forgetting. I need to stop thinking that. I gotta get the figma for you.

me  0:36  
You need to get the what? The figma? Oh, I can see it. I don't need anything else. I just as long as I can see the screens, I could build it, the page, the website. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:01  
Okay, I don't know the legal stuff, the term we already got the terms of service, but is that good enough?

me  1:10  
So all the the documents you drafted, all we have to do is pay a lawyer to review it. So we just need to gather all of the documents and have them review it. And I think in linear I put down that we'll need to have like a couple other like legal documents. So what I was thinking is we just get all of the legal documents drafted. We can even get it drafted by AI, and we just have a lawyer review it. And I think I know I'm so stupid. I know our lawyer. Oh, I know someone who knows all of this setup. Let me reach out to them. Tomorrow, I'd be forgetting like the people I have in my network.

Speaker 1  2:01  
Yeah, me three. Okay, so then I'm trying to think of what my schedule is looking like tomorrow. And tomorrow is the fifth, the fifth, and it's Thursday. It's

Speaker 1  2:24  
I will pay for that software right now, if I can get that thing to organize this, organize this whole computer,

me  2:35  
just Google Cloud workspaces and then type in organize desktop. For an example of what it could do.

Speaker 1  2:50  
Because as soon as I think with me, if one thing is I gotta get to a place where everything is organized, and then once it's all organized, and we have a flow, then it doesn't have to get unorganized again. So because I'm having to go from this border to this border, to that border, to this border, just to find what I need to find. Just it's hard. It's hard. Okay, so formatted documents all that you're automatically, we automatically verify your business information and registration. We're all set here. We automatically verify your EIN so it's automatically verified already, yeah, so I'm good

me  3:40  
it'll tell you, I think I'll say, like, if they need anything else from you, they'll probably send you an email, like, in a couple hours to like, or sometime tomorrow, with your account, you log in, you'll have your virtual I think you'll need to transfer some money from One account to that account, and then, and then that'll activate your account. And then I think after that, the only thing like you're good to go, they'll mail you out your cards, but you can use your virtual card like I just use virtual cards online through that account, so I don't even stress about that. I really want to go work out at the gym.

Unknown Speaker  4:31  
Where do you stay? I'm

me  4:35  
like right outside of Pasadena Azusa. Oh, right, but right after adorete, like Monrovia, dorote, yeah, yeah. Dorothy, is that how you say it?

Speaker 1  4:54  
Authority, yeah. Dorte, dorty, Bossie, fiance just called me. I know she's gonna be on her way.

Speaker 1  5:19  
I just don't know what I have to do tomorrow. I know I gotta get some food stamps,

Unknown Speaker  5:25  
then go get you can apply online. What are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  5:28  
Oh, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  5:31  
why does it dirty? It's because, oh, I forgot

Speaker 1  5:34  
to tell you. I went down to maps and networked over there. Maps is like another nonprofit, but I got the area director's card, and they gave me someone else's number. But what? Yeah, she's blowing me up one second. Well, I'll call you or we can connect tomorrow.

me  5:58  
Yeah, let's just talk tomorrow. Okay, okay, do.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
